Name	Set	ImageFile	Color	Cost	ConvertedCost	Type	Power	Toughness	Rarity	Text
Ajani Goldmane	lorwyn	1	W	2WW	4	Planeswalker - Ajani	4		R	+1: You gain 2 life. -1: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Those creatures gain vigilance until end of turn. -6: Put a white Avatar creature token onto the battlefield. It has "This creature's power and toughness are each equal to your lif
Arbiter of Knollridge	lorwyn	2	W	6W	7	Creature - Giant Wizard	5	5	R	Vigilance When Arbiter of Knollridge enters the battlefield, each player's life total becomes the highest life total among all players.
Austere Command	lorwyn	3	W	4WW	6	Sorcery			R	Choose two - Destroy all artifacts; or destroy all enchantments; or destroy all creatures with converted mana cost 3 or less; or destroy all creatures with converted mana cost 4 or greater.
Avian Changeling	lorwyn	4	W	2W	3	Creature - Shapeshifter	2	2	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Flying
Battle Mastery	lorwyn	5	W	2W	3	Enchantment - Aura			U	Enchant creature Enchanted creature has double strike.
Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile	lorwyn	6	W	2WW	4	Legendary Creature - Kithkin Archer	2	3	R	First strike {T}: Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile deals 2 damage to each attacking or blocking creature target player controls.
Burrenton Forge-Tender	lorwyn	7	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Wizard	1	1	U	Protection from red Sacrifice Burrenton Forge-Tender: Prevent all damage a red source of your choice would deal this turn.
Cenn's Heir	lorwyn	8	W	1W	2	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	C	Whenever Cenn's Heir attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other attacking Kithkin.
Changeling Hero	lorwyn	9	W	4W	5	Creature - Shapeshifter	4	4	U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Cloudgoat Ranger	lorwyn	10	W	3WW	5	Creature - Giant Warrior	3	3	U	When Cloudgoat Ranger enters the battlefield, put three 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens onto the battlefield. Tap three untapped Kithkin you control: Cloudgoat Ranger gets +2/+0 and gains flying until end of turn.
Crib Swap	lorwyn	11	W	2W	3	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Exile target creature. Its controller puts a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling onto the battlefield.
Dawnfluke	lorwyn	12	W	3W	4	Creature - Elemental	0	3	C	Flash When Dawnfluke enters the battlefield, prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature or player this turn. Evoke {W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Entangling Trap	lorwyn	13	W	1W	2	Enchantment			U	Whenever you clash, tap target creature an opponent controls. If you won, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)
Favor of the Mighty	lorwyn	14	W	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment - Giant			R	Each creature with the highest converted mana cost has protection from all colors.
Galepowder Mage	lorwyn	15	W	3W	4	Creature - Kithkin Wizard	3	3	R	Flying Whenever Galepowder Mage attacks, exile another target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
Goldmeadow Dodger	lorwyn	16	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Rogue	1	1	C	Goldmeadow Dodger can't be blocked by creatures with power 4 or greater.
Goldmeadow Harrier	lorwyn	17	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	C	{W}, {T}: Tap target creature.
Goldmeadow Stalwart	lorwyn	18	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	U	As an additional cost to cast Goldmeadow Stalwart, reveal a Kithkin card from your hand or pay {3}.
Harpoon Sniper	lorwyn	19	W	2W	3	Creature - Merfolk Archer	2	2	U	{W}, {T}: Harpoon Sniper deals X damage to target attacking or blocking creature, where X is the number of Merfolk you control.
Hillcomber Giant	lorwyn	20	W	2WW	4	Creature - Giant Scout	3	3	C	Mountainwalk
Hoofprints of the Stag	lorwyn	21	W	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment - Elemental			R	Whenever you draw a card, you may put a hoofprint counter on Hoofprints of the Stag. {2}{W}, Remove four hoofprint counters from Hoofprints of the Stag: Put a 4/4 white Elemental creature token with flying onto the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your turn.
Judge of Currents	lorwyn	22	W	1W	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	1	C	Whenever a Merfolk you control becomes tapped, you may gain 1 life.
Kinsbaile Balloonist	lorwyn	23	W	3W	4	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	C	Flying Whenever Kinsbaile Balloonist attacks, you may have target creature gain flying until end of turn.
Kinsbaile Skirmisher	lorwyn	24	W	1W	2	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	C	When Kinsbaile Skirmisher enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Kithkin Greatheart	lorwyn	25	W	1W	2	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	1	C	As long as you control a Giant, Kithkin Greatheart gets +1/+1 and has first strike.
Kithkin Harbinger	lorwyn	26	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Wizard	1	3	U	When Kithkin Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Kithkin card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Kithkin Healer	lorwyn	27	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Cleric	2	2	C	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature or player this turn.
Knight of Meadowgrain	lorwyn	28	W	WW	2	Creature - Kithkin Knight	2	2	U	First strike Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Lairwatch Giant	lorwyn	29	W	5W	6	Creature - Giant Warrior	5	3	C	Lairwatch Giant can block an additional creature. Whenever Lairwatch Giant blocks two or more creatures, it gains first strike until end of turn.
Militia's Pride	lorwyn	30	W	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment - Kithkin			R	Whenever a nontoken creature you control attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, put a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.
Mirror Entity	lorwyn	31	W	2W	3	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {X}: Creatures you control become X/X and gain all creature types until end of turn.
Neck Snap	lorwyn	32	W	3W	4	Instant			C	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature.
Oaken Brawler	lorwyn	33	W	3W	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	2	4	C	When Oaken Brawler enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Oaken Brawler. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Oblivion Ring	lorwyn	34	W	2W	3	Enchantment			C	When Oblivion Ring enters the battlefield, exile another target nonland permanent. When Oblivion Ring leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Plover Knights	lorwyn	35	W	3WW	5	Creature - Kithkin Knight	3	3	C	Flying, first strike
Pollen Lullaby	lorwyn	36	W	1W	2	Instant			U	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, creatures that player controls don't untap during the player's next untap step. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Purity	lorwyn	37	W	3WWW	6	Creature - Elemental Incarnation	6	6	R	Flying If noncombat damage would be dealt to you, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way. When Purity is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.
Sentry Oak	lorwyn	38	W	4W	5	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	3	5	U	Defender At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may clash with an opponent. If you win, Sentry Oak gets +2/+0 and loses defender until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Shields of Velis Vel	lorwyn	39	W	W	1	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Creatures target player controls get +0/+1 and gain all creature types until end of turn.
Soaring Hope	lorwyn	40	W	4W	5	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant creature When Soaring Hope enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life. Enchanted creature has flying. {W}: Put Soaring Hope on top of its owner's library.
Springjack Knight	lorwyn	41	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Knight	2	1	C	Whenever Springjack Knight attacks, clash with an opponent. If you win, target creature gains double strike until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Summon the School	lorwyn	42	W	3W	4	Tribal Sorcery - Merfolk			U	Put two 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature tokens onto the battlefield. Tap four untapped Merfolk you control: Return Summon the School from your graveyard to your hand.
Surge of Thoughtweft	lorwyn	43	W	1W	2	Tribal Instant - Kithkin			C	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you control a Kithkin, draw a card.
Thoughtweft Trio	lorwyn	44	W	2WW	4	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	5	5	R	First strike, vigilance Champion a Kithkin (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Kithkin you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) Thoughtweft Trio can block any number of creatures.
Triclopean Sight	lorwyn	45	W	1W	2	Enchantment - Aura			C	Flash Enchant creature When Triclopean Sight enters the battlefield, untap enchanted creature. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
Veteran of the Depths	lorwyn	46	W	3W	4	Creature - Merfolk Soldier	2	2	U	Whenever Veteran of the Depths becomes tapped, you may put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Wellgabber Apothecary	lorwyn	47	W	4W	5	Creature - Merfolk Cleric	2	3	C	{1}{W}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target tapped Merfolk or Kithkin creature this turn.
Wispmare	lorwyn	48	W	2W	3	Creature - Elemental	1	3	C	Flying When Wispmare enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment. Evoke {W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Wizened Cenn	lorwyn	49	W	WW	2	Creature - Kithkin Cleric	2	2	U	Other Kithkin creatures you control get +1/+1.
Aethersnipe	lorwyn	50	U	5U	6	Creature - Elemental	4	4	C	When Aethersnipe enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Evoke {1}{U}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Amoeboid Changeling	lorwyn	51	U	1U	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {T}: Target creature gains all creature types until end of turn. {T}: Target creature loses all creature types until end of turn.
Aquitect's Will	lorwyn	52	U	U	1	Tribal Sorcery - Merfolk			C	Put a flood counter on target land. That land is an Island in addition to its other types for as long as it has a flood counter on it. If you control a Merfolk, draw a card.
Benthicore	lorwyn	53	U	6U	7	Creature - Elemental	5	5	U	When Benthicore enters the battlefield, put two 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature tokens onto the battlefield. Tap two untapped Merfolk you control: Untap Benthicore. It gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Broken Ambitions	lorwyn	54	U	XU	1	Instant			C	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. Clash with an opponent. If you win, that spell's controller puts the top four cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Captivating Glance	lorwyn	55	U	2U	3	Enchantment - Aura			U	Enchant creature At the beginning of your end step, clash with an opponent. If you win, gain control of enchanted creature. Otherwise, that player gains control of enchanted creature. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Cryptic Command	lorwyn	56	U	1UUU	4	Instant			R	Choose two - Counter target spell; or return target permanent to its owner's hand; or tap all creatures your opponents control; or draw a card.
Deeptread Merrow	lorwyn	57	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Rogue	2	1	C	{U}: Deeptread Merrow gains islandwalk until end of turn.
Drowner of Secrets	lorwyn	58	U	2U	3	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	3	U	Tap an untapped Merfolk you control: Target player puts the top card of his or her library into his or her graveyard.
Ego Erasure	lorwyn	59	U	2U	3	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Creatures target player controls get -2/-0 and lose all creature types until end of turn.
Ethereal Whiskergill	lorwyn	60	U	3U	4	Creature - Elemental	4	3	U	Flying Ethereal Whiskergill can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
Faerie Harbinger	lorwyn	61	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	2	2	U	Flash Flying When Faerie Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Faerie card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Faerie Trickery	lorwyn	62	U	1UU	3	Tribal Instant - Faerie			C	Counter target non-Faerie spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard.
Fallowsage	lorwyn	63	U	3U	4	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	2	U	Whenever Fallowsage becomes tapped, you may draw a card.
Familiar's Ruse	lorwyn	64	U	UU	2	Instant			U	As an additional cost to cast Familiar's Ruse, return a creature you control to its owner's hand. Counter target spell.
Fathom Trawl	lorwyn	65	U	3UU	5	Sorcery			R	Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal three nonland cards. Put the nonland cards revealed this way into your hand, then put the rest of the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order.
Forced Fruition	lorwyn	66	U	4UU	6	Enchantment			R	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player draws seven cards.
Glen Elendra Pranksters	lorwyn	67	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	1	3	U	Flying Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may return target creature you control to its owner's hand.
Glimmerdust Nap	lorwyn	68	U	2U	3	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant tapped creature Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Guile	lorwyn	69	U	3UUU	6	Creature - Elemental Incarnation	6	6	R	Guile can't be blocked except by three or more creatures. If a spell or ability you control would counter a spell, instead exile that spell and you may play that card without paying its mana cost. When Guile is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.
Inkfathom Divers	lorwyn	70	U	3UU	5	Creature - Merfolk Soldier	3	3	C	Islandwalk When Inkfathom Divers enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
Jace Beleren	lorwyn	71	U	1UU	3	Planeswalker - Jace	3		R	+2: Each player draws a card. -1: Target player draws a card. -10: Target player puts the top twenty cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard.
Merrow Commerce	lorwyn	72	U	1U	2	Tribal Enchantment - Merfolk			U	At the beginning of your end step, untap all Merfolk you control.
Merrow Harbinger	lorwyn	73	U	3U	4	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	3	U	Islandwalk When Merrow Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Merfolk card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Merrow Reejerey	lorwyn	74	U	2U	3	Creature - Merfolk Soldier	2	2	U	Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1. Whenever you cast a Merfolk spell, you may tap or untap target permanent.
Mistbind Clique	lorwyn	75	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	4	4	R	Flash Flying Champion a Faerie (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Faerie you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) When a Faerie is championed with Mistbind Clique, tap all lands target player controls.
Mulldrifter	lorwyn	76	U	4U	5	Creature - Elemental	2	2	C	Flying When Mulldrifter enters the battlefield, draw two cards. Evoke {2}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Paperfin Rascal	lorwyn	77	U	2U	3	Creature - Merfolk Rogue	2	2	C	When Paperfin Rascal enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Paperfin Rascal. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Pestermite	lorwyn	78	U	2U	3	Creature - Faerie Rogue	2	1	C	Flash Flying When Pestermite enters the battlefield, you may tap or untap target permanent.
Ponder	lorwyn	79	U	U	1	Sorcery			C	Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. You may shuffle your library. Draw a card.
Protective Bubble	lorwyn	80	U	3U	4	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant creature Enchanted creature is unblockable and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Ringskipper	lorwyn	81	U	1U	2	Creature - Faerie Wizard	1	1	C	Flying When Ringskipper is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, return Ringskipper to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Scattering Stroke	lorwyn	82	U	2UU	4	Instant			U	Counter target spell. Clash with an opponent. If you win, at the beginning of your next main phase, you may add {X} to your mana pool, where X is that spell's converted mana cost. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Scion of Oona	lorwyn	83	U	2U	3	Creature - Faerie Soldier	1	1	R	Flash Flying Other Faerie creatures you control get +1/+1. Other Faeries you control have shroud. (A permanent with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Sentinels of Glen Elendra	lorwyn	84	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Soldier	2	3	C	Flash Flying
Shapesharer	lorwyn	85	U	1U	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {2}{U}: Target Shapeshifter becomes a copy of target creature until your next turn.
Silvergill Adept	lorwyn	86	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	1	U	As an additional cost to cast Silvergill Adept, reveal a Merfolk card from your hand or pay {3}. When Silvergill Adept enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Silvergill Douser	lorwyn	87	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	1	C	{T}: Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is the number of Merfolk and/or Faeries you control.
Sower of Temptation	lorwyn	88	U	2UU	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	2	2	R	Flying When Sower of Temptation enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature for as long as Sower of Temptation remains on the battlefield.
Spellstutter Sprite	lorwyn	89	U	1U	2	Creature - Faerie Wizard	1	1	C	Flash Flying When Spellstutter Sprite enters the battlefield, counter target spell with converted mana cost X or less, where X is the number of Faeries you control.
Stonybrook Angler	lorwyn	90	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	2	C	{1}{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap target creature.
Streambed Aquitects	lorwyn	91	U	1UU	3	Creature - Merfolk Scout	2	3	C	{T}: Target Merfolk creature gets +1/+1 and gains islandwalk until end of turn. {T}: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn.
Surgespanner	lorwyn	92	U	2UU	4	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	2	R	Whenever Surgespanner becomes tapped, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Tideshaper Mystic	lorwyn	93	U	U	1	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	1	C	{T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn.
Turtleshell Changeling	lorwyn	94	U	3U	4	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	4	U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {1}{U}: Switch Turtleshell Changeling's power and toughness until end of turn.
Wanderwine Prophets	lorwyn	95	U	4UU	6	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	4	4	R	Champion a Merfolk (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Merfolk you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) Whenever Wanderwine Prophets deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice a Merfolk. If you do, take an extra turn after this one.
Whirlpool Whelm	lorwyn	96	U	1U	2	Instant			C	Clash with an opponent, then return target creature to its owner's hand. If you win, you may put that creature on top of its owner's library instead. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Wings of Velis Vel	lorwyn	97	U	1U	2	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Target creature becomes 4/4, gains all creature types, and gains flying until end of turn.
Zephyr Net	lorwyn	98	U	1U	2	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant creature Enchanted creature has defender and flying.
Black Poplar Shaman	lorwyn	99	B	2B	3	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	1	3	C	{2}{B}: Regenerate target Treefolk.
Bog Hoodlums	lorwyn	100	B	5B	6	Creature - Goblin Warrior	4	1	C	Bog Hoodlums can't block. When Bog Hoodlums enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Bog Hoodlums. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Boggart Birth Rite	lorwyn	101	B	B	1	Tribal Sorcery - Goblin			C	Return target Goblin card from your graveyard to your hand.
Boggart Harbinger	lorwyn	102	B	2B	3	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	1	U	When Boggart Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Goblin card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Boggart Loggers	lorwyn	103	B	2B	3	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	1	C	Forestwalk {2}{B}, Sacrifice Boggart Loggers: Destroy target Treefolk or Forest.
Boggart Mob	lorwyn	104	B	3B	4	Creature - Goblin Warrior	5	5	R	Champion a Goblin (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Goblin you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) Whenever a Goblin you control deals combat damage to a player, you may put a 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature token onto the battlefield.
Cairn Wanderer	lorwyn	105	B	4B	5	Creature - Shapeshifter	4	4	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) As long as a creature card with flying is in a graveyard, Cairn Wanderer has flying. The same is true for fear, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, landwalk, lifelink, protection, reach, trample, shroud, and vigilance.
Colfenor's Plans	lorwyn	106	B	2BB	4	Enchantment			R	When Colfenor's Plans enters the battlefield, exile the top seven cards of your library face down. You may look at and play cards exiled with Colfenor's Plans. Skip your draw step. You can't cast more than one spell each turn.
Dread	lorwyn	107	B	3BBB	6	Creature - Elemental Incarnation	6	6	R	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.) Whenever a creature deals damage to you, destroy it. When Dread is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.
Dreamspoiler Witches	lorwyn	108	B	3B	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	2	2	C	Flying Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn.
Exiled Boggart	lorwyn	109	B	1B	2	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	2	C	When Exiled Boggart is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, discard a card.
Eyeblight's Ending	lorwyn	110	B	2B	3	Tribal Instant - Elf			C	Destroy target non-Elf creature.
Facevaulter	lorwyn	111	B	B	1	Creature - Goblin Warrior	1	1	C	{B}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Facevaulter gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Faerie Tauntings	lorwyn	112	B	2B	3	Tribal Enchantment - Faerie			U	Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may have each opponent lose 1 life.
Final Revels	lorwyn	113	B	4B	5	Sorcery			U	Choose one - All creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn; or all creatures get -0/-2 until end of turn.
Fodder Launch	lorwyn	114	B	3B	4	Tribal Sorcery - Goblin			U	As an additional cost to cast Fodder Launch, sacrifice a Goblin. Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn. Fodder Launch deals 5 damage to that creature's controller.
Footbottom Feast	lorwyn	115	B	2B	3	Instant			C	Put any number of target creature cards from your graveyard on top of your library. Draw a card.
Ghostly Changeling	lorwyn	116	B	2B	3	Creature - Shapeshifter	2	2	U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {1}{B}: Ghostly Changeling gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Hoarder's Greed	lorwyn	117	B	3B	4	Sorcery			U	You lose 2 life and draw two cards, then clash with an opponent. If you win, repeat this process. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Hornet Harasser	lorwyn	118	B	2BB	4	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	C	When Hornet Harasser is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
Hunter of Eyeblights	lorwyn	119	B	3BB	5	Creature - Elf Assassin	3	3	U	When Hunter of Eyeblights enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you don't control. {2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature with a counter on it.
Knucklebone Witch	lorwyn	120	B	B	1	Creature - Goblin Shaman	1	1	R	Whenever a Goblin you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Knucklebone Witch.
Liliana Vess	lorwyn	121	B	3BB	5	Planeswalker - Liliana	5		R	+1: Target player discards a card. -2: Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it. -8: Put all creature cards in all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control.
Lys Alana Scarblade	lorwyn	122	B	2B	3	Creature - Elf Assassin	1	1	U	{T}, Discard an Elf card: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves you control.
Mad Auntie	lorwyn	123	B	2B	3	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	R	Other Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1. {T}: Regenerate another target Goblin.
Makeshift Mannequin	lorwyn	124	B	3B	4	Instant			U	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with a mannequin counter on it. For as long as that creature has a mannequin counter on it, it has "When this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."
Marsh Flitter	lorwyn	125	B	3B	4	Creature - Faerie Rogue	1	1	U	Flying When Marsh Flitter enters the battlefield, put two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens onto the battlefield. Sacrifice a Goblin: Marsh Flitter becomes 3/3 until end of turn.
Moonglove Winnower	lorwyn	126	B	3B	4	Creature - Elf Rogue	2	3	C	Deathtouch (Creatures dealt damage by this creature are destroyed. You can divide this creature's combat damage among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.)
Mournwhelk	lorwyn	127	B	6B	7	Creature - Elemental	3	3	C	When Mournwhelk enters the battlefield, target player discards two cards. Evoke {3}{B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Nameless Inversion	lorwyn	128	B	1B	2	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Target creature gets +3/-3 and loses all creature types until end of turn.
Nath's Buffoon	lorwyn	129	B	1B	2	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	1	C	Protection from Elves
Nectar Faerie	lorwyn	130	B	1B	2	Creature - Faerie Wizard	1	1	U	Flying {B}, {T}: Target Faerie or Elf gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)
Nettlevine Blight	lorwyn	131	B	4BB	6	Enchantment - Aura			R	Enchant creature or land Enchanted permanent has "At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice this permanent and attach Nettlevine Blight to a creature or land you control."
Nightshade Stinger	lorwyn	132	B	B	1	Creature - Faerie Rogue	1	1	C	Flying Nightshade Stinger can't block.
Oona's Prowler	lorwyn	133	B	1B	2	Creature - Faerie Rogue	3	1	R	Flying Discard a card: Oona's Prowler gets -2/-0 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.
Peppersmoke	lorwyn	134	B	B	1	Tribal Instant - Faerie			C	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. If you control a Faerie, draw a card.
Profane Command	lorwyn	135	B	XBB	2	Sorcery			R	Choose two - Target player loses X life; or return target creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield; or target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn; or up to X target creatures gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Prowess of the Fair	lorwyn	136	B	1B	2	Tribal Enchantment - Elf			U	Whenever another nontoken Elf is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Quill-Slinger Boggart	lorwyn	137	B	3B	4	Creature - Goblin Warrior	3	2	C	Whenever a player casts a Kithkin spell, you may have target player lose 1 life.
Scarred Vinebreeder	lorwyn	138	B	1B	2	Creature - Elf Shaman	1	1	C	{2}{B}, Exile an Elf card from your graveyard: Scarred Vinebreeder gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Shriekmaw	lorwyn	139	B	4B	5	Creature - Elemental	3	2	U	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.) When Shriekmaw enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. Evoke {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Skeletal Changeling	lorwyn	140	B	1B	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {1}{B}: Regenerate Skeletal Changeling.
Spiderwig Boggart	lorwyn	141	B	2B	3	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	C	When Spiderwig Boggart enters the battlefield, target creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Squeaking Pie Sneak	lorwyn	142	B	1B	2	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	2	U	As an additional cost to cast Squeaking Pie Sneak, reveal a Goblin card from your hand or pay {3}. Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Thieving Sprite	lorwyn	143	B	2B	3	Creature - Faerie Rogue	1	1	C	Flying When Thieving Sprite enters the battlefield, target player reveals X cards from his or her hand, where X is the number of Faeries you control. You choose one of those cards. That player discards that card.
Thorntooth Witch	lorwyn	144	B	5B	6	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	3	4	U	Whenever you cast a Treefolk spell, you may have target creature get +3/-3 until end of turn.
Thoughtseize	lorwyn	145	B	B	1	Sorcery			R	Target player reveals his or her hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. You lose 2 life.
Warren Pilferers	lorwyn	146	B	4B	5	Creature - Goblin Rogue	3	3	C	When Warren Pilferers enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card is a Goblin card, Warren Pilferers gains haste until end of turn.
Weed Strangle	lorwyn	147	B	3BB	5	Sorcery			C	Destroy target creature. Clash with an opponent. If you win, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Adder-Staff Boggart	lorwyn	148	R	1R	2	Creature - Goblin Warrior	2	1	C	When Adder-Staff Boggart enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Adder-Staff Boggart. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Ashling the Pilgrim	lorwyn	149	R	1R	2	Legendary Creature - Elemental Shaman	1	1	R	{1}{R}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ashling the Pilgrim. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, remove all +1/+1 counters from Ashling the Pilgrim, and it deals that much damage to each creature and each player.
Ashling's Prerogative	lorwyn	150	R	1R	2	Enchantment			R	As Ashling's Prerogative enters the battlefield, choose odd or even. (Zero is even.) Each creature with converted mana cost of the chosen value has haste. Each creature without converted mana cost of the chosen value enters the battlefield tapped.
Axegrinder Giant	lorwyn	151	R	4RR	6	Creature - Giant Warrior	6	4	C	
Blades of Velis Vel	lorwyn	152	R	1R	2	Tribal Instant - Shapeshifter			C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Up to two target creatures each get +2/+0 and gain all creature types until end of turn.
Blind-Spot Giant	lorwyn	153	R	2R	3	Creature - Giant Warrior	4	3	C	Blind-Spot Giant can't attack or block unless you control another Giant.
Boggart Forager	lorwyn	154	R	R	1	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	1	C	{R}, Sacrifice Boggart Forager: Target player shuffles his or her library.
Boggart Shenanigans	lorwyn	155	R	2R	3	Tribal Enchantment - Goblin			U	Whenever another Goblin you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may have Boggart Shenanigans deal 1 damage to target player.
Boggart Sprite-Chaser	lorwyn	156	R	1R	2	Creature - Goblin Warrior	1	2	C	As long as you control a Faerie, Boggart Sprite-Chaser gets +1/+1 and has flying.
Caterwauling Boggart	lorwyn	157	R	3R	4	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	C	Each Goblin you control can't be blocked except by two or more creatures. Each Elemental you control can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.
Ceaseless Searblades	lorwyn	158	R	3R	4	Creature - Elemental Warrior	2	4	U	Whenever you activate an ability of an Elemental, Ceaseless Searblades gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Chandra Nalaar	lorwyn	159	R	3RR	5	Planeswalker - Chandra	6		R	+1: Chandra Nalaar deals 1 damage to target player. -X: Chandra Nalaar deals X damage to target creature. -8: Chandra Nalaar deals 10 damage to target player and each creature he or she controls.
Changeling Berserker	lorwyn	160	R	3R	4	Creature - Shapeshifter	5	3	U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Haste Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Consuming Bonfire	lorwyn	161	R	3RR	5	Tribal Sorcery - Elemental			C	Choose one - Consuming Bonfire deals 4 damage to target non-Elemental creature; or Consuming Bonfire deals 7 damage to target Treefolk creature.
Crush Underfoot	lorwyn	162	R	1R	2	Tribal Instant - Giant			U	Choose a Giant creature you control. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature.
Faultgrinder	lorwyn	163	R	6R	7	Creature - Elemental	4	4	C	Trample When Faultgrinder enters the battlefield, destroy target land. Evoke {4}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Fire-Belly Changeling	lorwyn	164	R	1R	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {R}: Fire-Belly Changeling gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn.
Flamekin Bladewhirl	lorwyn	165	R	R	1	Creature - Elemental Warrior	2	1	U	As an additional cost to cast Flamekin Bladewhirl, reveal an Elemental card from your hand or pay {3}.
Flamekin Brawler	lorwyn	166	R	R	1	Creature - Elemental Warrior	0	2	C	{R}: Flamekin Brawler gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Flamekin Harbinger	lorwyn	167	R	R	1	Creature - Elemental Shaman	1	1	U	When Flamekin Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Elemental card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Flamekin Spitfire	lorwyn	168	R	1R	2	Creature - Elemental Shaman	1	1	U	{3}{R}: Flamekin Spitfire deals 1 damage to target creature or player.
Giant Harbinger	lorwyn	169	R	4R	5	Creature - Giant Shaman	3	4	U	When Giant Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Giant card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Giant's Ire	lorwyn	170	R	3R	4	Tribal Sorcery - Giant			C	Giant's Ire deals 4 damage to target player. If you control a Giant, draw a card.
Glarewielder	lorwyn	171	R	4R	5	Creature - Elemental Shaman	3	1	U	Haste When Glarewielder enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can't block this turn. Evoke {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Goatnapper	lorwyn	172	R	2R	3	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	2	U	When Goatnapper enters the battlefield, untap target Goat and gain control of it until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn.
Hamletback Goliath	lorwyn	173	R	6R	7	Creature - Giant Warrior	6	6	R	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may put X +1/+1 counters on Hamletback Goliath, where X is that creature's power.
Hearthcage Giant	lorwyn	174	R	6RR	8	Creature - Giant Warrior	5	5	U	When Hearthcage Giant enters the battlefield, put two 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature tokens onto the battlefield. Sacrifice an Elemental: Target Giant creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn.
Heat Shimmer	lorwyn	175	R	2R	3	Sorcery			R	Put a token that's a copy of target creature onto the battlefield. That token has haste and "At the beginning of the end step, exile this permanent."
Hostility	lorwyn	176	R	3RRR	6	Creature - Elemental Incarnation	6	6	R	Haste If a spell you control would deal damage to an opponent, prevent that damage. Put a 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature token with haste onto the battlefield for each 1 damage prevented this way. When Hostility is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.
Hurly-Burly	lorwyn	177	R	1R	2	Sorcery			C	Choose one - Hurly-Burly deals 1 damage to each creature without flying; or Hurly-Burly deals 1 damage to each creature with flying.
Incandescent Soulstoke	lorwyn	178	R	2R	3	Creature - Elemental Shaman	2	2	R	Other Elemental creatures you control get +1/+1. {1}{R}, {T}: You may put an Elemental creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Incendiary Command	lorwyn	179	R	3RR	5	Sorcery			R	Choose two - Incendiary Command deals 4 damage to target player; or Incendiary Command deals 2 damage to each creature; or destroy target nonbasic land; or each player discards all the cards in his or her hand, then draws that many cards.
Ingot Chewer	lorwyn	180	R	4R	5	Creature - Elemental	3	3	C	When Ingot Chewer enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact. Evoke {R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Inner-Flame Acolyte	lorwyn	181	R	1RR	3	Creature - Elemental Shaman	2	2	C	When Inner-Flame Acolyte enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn. Evoke {R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Inner-Flame Igniter	lorwyn	182	R	2R	3	Creature - Elemental Warrior	2	2	U	{2}{R}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
Lash Out	lorwyn	183	R	1R	2	Instant			C	Lash Out deals 3 damage to target creature. Clash with an opponent. If you win, Lash Out deals 3 damage to that creature's controller. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Lowland Oaf	lorwyn	184	R	3R	4	Creature - Giant Warrior	3	3	C	{T}: Target Goblin creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains flying until end of turn. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.
Mudbutton Torchrunner	lorwyn	185	R	2R	3	Creature - Goblin Warrior	1	1	C	When Mudbutton Torchrunner is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Needle Drop	lorwyn	186	R	R	1	Instant			C	Needle Drop deals 1 damage to target creature or player that was dealt damage this turn. Draw a card.
Nova Chaser	lorwyn	187	R	3R	4	Creature - Elemental Warrior	10	2	R	Trample Champion an Elemental (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elemental you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Rebellion of the Flamekin	lorwyn	188	R	3R	4	Tribal Enchantment - Elemental			U	Whenever you clash, you may pay {1}. If you do, put a 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature token onto the battlefield. If you won, that token gains haste until end of turn. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)
Smokebraider	lorwyn	189	R	1R	2	Creature - Elemental Shaman	1	1	C	{T}: Add two mana in any combination of colors to your mana pool. Spend this mana only to cast Elemental spells or activate abilities of Elementals.
Soulbright Flamekin	lorwyn	190	R	1R	2	Creature - Elemental Shaman	2	1	C	{2}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, you may add {R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R} to your mana pool.
Stinkdrinker Daredevil	lorwyn	191	R	2R	3	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	3	C	Giant spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
Sunrise Sovereign	lorwyn	192	R	5R	6	Creature - Giant Warrior	5	5	R	Other Giant creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample.
Tar Pitcher	lorwyn	193	R	3R	4	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	U	{T}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Tar Pitcher deals 2 damage to target creature or player.
Tarfire	lorwyn	194	R	R	1	Tribal Instant - Goblin			C	Tarfire deals 2 damage to target creature or player.
Thundercloud Shaman	lorwyn	195	R	3RR	5	Creature - Giant Shaman	4	4	U	When Thundercloud Shaman enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to the number of Giants you control to each non-Giant creature.
Wild Ricochet	lorwyn	196	R	2RR	4	Instant			R	You may choose new targets for target instant or sorcery spell. Then copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Battlewand Oak	lorwyn	197	G	2G	3	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	1	3	C	Whenever a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, Battlewand Oak gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Whenever you cast a Treefolk spell, Battlewand Oak gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Bog-Strider Ash	lorwyn	198	G	3G	4	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	2	4	C	Swampwalk Whenever a player casts a Goblin spell, you may pay {G}. If you do, you gain 2 life.
Briarhorn	lorwyn	199	G	3G	4	Creature - Elemental	3	3	U	Flash When Briarhorn enters the battlefield, target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Evoke {1}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Changeling Titan	lorwyn	200	G	4G	5	Creature - Shapeshifter	7	7	U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Cloudcrown Oak	lorwyn	201	G	2GG	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	3	4	C	Reach (This can block creatures with flying.)
Cloudthresher	lorwyn	202	G	2GGGG	6	Creature - Elemental	7	7	R	Flash Reach (This can block creatures with flying.) When Cloudthresher enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to each creature with flying and each player. Evoke {2}{G}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Dauntless Dourbark	lorwyn	203	G	3G	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	*	*	R	Dauntless Dourbark's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control plus the number of Treefolk you control. Dauntless Dourbark has trample as long as you control another Treefolk.
Elvish Branchbender	lorwyn	204	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Druid	2	2	C	{T}: Until end of turn, target Forest becomes an X/X Treefolk creature in addition to its other types, where X is the number of Elves you control.
Elvish Eulogist	lorwyn	205	G	G	1	Creature - Elf Shaman	1	1	C	Sacrifice Elvish Eulogist: You gain 1 life for each Elf card in your graveyard.
Elvish Handservant	lorwyn	206	G	G	1	Creature - Elf Warrior	1	1	C	Whenever a player casts a Giant spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Elvish Handservant.
Elvish Harbinger	lorwyn	207	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Druid	1	2	U	When Elvish Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Elf card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it. {T}: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Elvish Promenade	lorwyn	208	G	3G	4	Tribal Sorcery - Elf			U	Put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield for each Elf you control.
Epic Proportions	lorwyn	209	G	4GG	6	Enchantment - Aura			R	Flash Enchant creature Enchanted creature gets +5/+5 and has trample.
Eyes of the Wisent	lorwyn	210	G	1G	2	Tribal Enchantment - Elemental			R	Whenever an opponent casts a blue spell during your turn, you may put a 4/4 green Elemental creature token onto the battlefield.
Fertile Ground	lorwyn	211	G	1G	2	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant land Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds one mana of any color to his or her mana pool (in addition to the mana the land produces).
Fistful of Force	lorwyn	212	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, that creature gets an additional +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Garruk Wildspeaker	lorwyn	213	G	2GG	4	Planeswalker - Garruk	3		R	+1: Untap two target lands. -1: Put a 3/3 green Beast creature token onto the battlefield. -4: Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.
Gilt-Leaf Ambush	lorwyn	214	G	2G	3	Tribal Instant - Elf			C	Put two 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens onto the battlefield. Clash with an opponent. If you win, those creatures gain deathtouch until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost. Creatures dealt damage by a creature with deathtouch are destroyed. You can divide combat damage from a creature with deathtouch among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.)
Gilt-Leaf Seer	lorwyn	215	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Shaman	2	2	C	{G}, {T}: Look at the top two cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
Guardian of Cloverdell	lorwyn	216	G	5GG	7	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	4	5	U	When Guardian of Cloverdell enters the battlefield, put three 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens onto the battlefield. {G}, Sacrifice a Kithkin: You gain 1 life.
Heal the Scars	lorwyn	217	G	3G	4	Instant			C	Regenerate target creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness.
Hunt Down	lorwyn	218	G	G	1	Sorcery			C	Target creature blocks target creature this turn if able.
Immaculate Magistrate	lorwyn	219	G	3G	4	Creature - Elf Shaman	2	2	R	{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature for each Elf you control.
Imperious Perfect	lorwyn	220	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Warrior	2	2	U	Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1. {G}, {T}: Put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Incremental Growth	lorwyn	221	G	3GG	5	Sorcery			U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, two +1/+1 counters on another target creature, and three +1/+1 counters on a third target creature.
Jagged-Scar Archers	lorwyn	222	G	1GG	3	Creature - Elf Archer	*	*	U	Jagged-Scar Archers's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Elves you control. {T}: Jagged-Scar Archers deals damage equal to its power to target creature with flying.
Kithkin Daggerdare	lorwyn	223	G	1G	2	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	C	{G}, {T}: Target attacking creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Kithkin Mourncaller	lorwyn	224	G	2G	3	Creature - Kithkin Scout	2	2	U	Whenever an attacking Kithkin or Elf is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may draw a card.
Lace with Moonglove	lorwyn	225	G	2G	3	Instant			C	Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Creatures dealt damage by that creature are destroyed. You can divide its combat damage among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.) Draw a card.
Lammastide Weave	lorwyn	226	G	1G	2	Instant			U	Name a card, then target player puts the top card of his or her library into his or her graveyard. If that card is the named card, you gain life equal to its converted mana cost. Draw a card.
Leaf Gilder	lorwyn	227	G	1G	2	Creature - Elf Druid	2	1	C	{T}: Add {G} to your mana pool.
Lignify	lorwyn	228	G	1G	2	Tribal Enchantment - Treefolk Aura			C	Enchant creature Enchanted creature is a 0/4 Treefolk with no abilities.
Lys Alana Huntmaster	lorwyn	229	G	2GG	4	Creature - Elf Warrior	3	3	C	Whenever you cast an Elf spell, you may put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Masked Admirers	lorwyn	230	G	2GG	4	Creature - Elf Shaman	3	2	R	When Masked Admirers enters the battlefield, draw a card. Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay {G}{G}. If you do, return Masked Admirers from your graveyard to your hand.
Nath's Elite	lorwyn	231	G	4G	5	Creature - Elf Warrior	4	2	C	All creatures able to block Nath's Elite do so. When Nath's Elite enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Nath's Elite. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Oakgnarl Warrior	lorwyn	232	G	5GG	7	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	5	7	C	Vigilance, trample
Primal Command	lorwyn	233	G	3GG	5	Sorcery			R	Choose two - Target player gains 7 life; or put target noncreature permanent on top of its owner's library; or target player shuffles his or her graveyard into his or her library; or search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Rootgrapple	lorwyn	234	G	4G	5	Tribal Instant - Treefolk			C	Destroy target noncreature permanent. If you control a Treefolk, draw a card.
Seedguide Ash	lorwyn	235	G	4G	5	Creature - Treefolk Druid	4	4	U	When Seedguide Ash is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may search your library for up to three Forest cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. If you do, shuffle your library.
Spring Cleaning	lorwyn	236	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Destroy target enchantment. Clash with an opponent. If you win, destroy all enchantments your opponents control. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Sylvan Echoes	lorwyn	237	G	G	1	Enchantment			U	Whenever you clash and win, you may draw a card. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)
Timber Protector	lorwyn	238	G	4G	5	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	4	6	R	Other Treefolk creatures you control get +1/+1. Other Treefolk and Forests you control are indestructible.
Treefolk Harbinger	lorwyn	239	G	G	1	Creature - Treefolk Druid	0	3	U	When Treefolk Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Treefolk or Forest card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Vigor	lorwyn	240	G	3GGG	6	Creature - Elemental Incarnation	6	6	R	Trample If damage would be dealt to a creature you control other than Vigor, prevent that damage. Put a +1/+1 counter on that creature for each 1 damage prevented this way. When Vigor is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.
Warren-Scourge Elf	lorwyn	241	G	1G	2	Creature - Elf Warrior	1	1	C	Protection from Goblins
Woodland Changeling	lorwyn	242	G	1G	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	2	2	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.)
Woodland Guidance	lorwyn	243	G	3G	4	Sorcery			U	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Clash with an opponent. If you win, untap all Forests you control. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.) Exile Woodland Guidance.
Wren's Run Packmaster	lorwyn	244	G	3G	4	Creature - Elf Warrior	5	5	R	Champion an Elf (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elf you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) {2}{G}: Put a 2/2 green Wolf creature token onto the battlefield. Each Wolf you control has deathtouch. (Creatures dealt damage by those creatures are destroyed. You can divide their combat damage among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.)
Wren's Run Vanquisher	lorwyn	245	G	1G	2	Creature - Elf Warrior	3	3	U	As an additional cost to cast Wren's Run Vanquisher, reveal an Elf card from your hand or pay {3}. Deathtouch (Creatures dealt damage by this creature are destroyed. You can divide this creature's combat damage among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.)
Brion Stoutarm	lorwyn	246	RW	2RW	4	Legendary Creature - Giant Warrior	4	4	R	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.) {R}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature other than Brion Stoutarm: Brion Stoutarm deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to target player.
Doran, the Siege Tower	lorwyn	247	BGW	BGW	3	Legendary Creature - Treefolk Shaman	0	5	R	Each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
Gaddock Teeg	lorwyn	248	GW	GW	2	Legendary Creature - Kithkin Advisor	2	2	R	Noncreature spells with converted mana cost 4 or greater can't be cast. Noncreature spells with {X} in their mana costs can't be cast.
Horde of Notions	lorwyn	249	WUBRG	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature - Elemental	5	5	R	Vigilance, trample, haste {W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: You may play target Elemental card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost.
Nath of the Gilt-Leaf	lorwyn	250	BG	3BG	5	Legendary Creature - Elf Warrior	4	4	R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have target opponent discard a card at random. Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Sygg, River Guide	lorwyn	251	WU	WU	2	Legendary Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	2	R	Islandwalk {1}{W}: Target Merfolk you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Wort, Boggart Auntie	lorwyn	252	BR	2BR	4	Legendary Creature - Goblin Shaman	3	3	R	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.) At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target Goblin card from your graveyard to your hand.
Wydwen, the Biting Gale	lorwyn	253	UB	2UB	4	Legendary Creature - Faerie Wizard	3	3	R	Flash Flying {U}{B}, Pay 1 life: Return Wydwen, the Biting Gale to its owner's hand.
Colfenor's Urn	lorwyn	254	A	3	3	Artifact			R	Whenever a creature with toughness 4 or greater is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may exile it. At the beginning of the end step, if three or more cards have been exiled with Colfenor's Urn, sacrifice it. If you do, return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control.
Deathrender	lorwyn	255	A	4	4	Artifact - Equipment			R	Equipped creature gets +2/+2. Whenever equipped creature is put into a graveyard, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield and attach Deathrender to it. Equip {2}
Dolmen Gate	lorwyn	256	A	2	2	Artifact			R	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to attacking creatures you control.
Herbal Poultice	lorwyn	257	A	0	0	Artifact			C	{3}, Sacrifice Herbal Poultice: Regenerate target creature.
Moonglove Extract	lorwyn	258	A	3	3	Artifact			C	Sacrifice Moonglove Extract: Moonglove Extract deals 2 damage to target creature or player.
Rings of Brighthearth	lorwyn	259	A	3	3	Artifact			R	Whenever you activate an ability, if it isn't a mana ability, you may pay {2}. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Runed Stalactite	lorwyn	260	A	1	1	Artifact - Equipment			C	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and is every creature type. Equip {2}
Springleaf Drum	lorwyn	261	A	1	1	Artifact			C	{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Thorn of Amethyst	lorwyn	262	A	2	2	Artifact			R	Noncreature spells cost {1} more to cast.
Thousand-Year Elixir	lorwyn	263	A	3	3	Artifact			R	You may activate abilities of creatures you control as though those creatures had haste. {1}, {T}: Untap target creature.
Twinning Glass	lorwyn	264	A	4	4	Artifact			R	{1}, {T}: You may cast a nonland card from your hand without paying its mana cost if it has the same name as a spell that was cast this turn.
Wanderer's Twig	lorwyn	265	A	1	1	Artifact			C	{1}, Sacrifice Wanderer's Twig: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Ancient Amphitheater	lorwyn	266	L		0	Land			R	As Ancient Amphitheater enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Giant card from your hand. If you don't, Ancient Amphitheater enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {R} or {W} to your mana pool.
Auntie's Hovel	lorwyn	267	L		0	Land			R	As Auntie's Hovel enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Goblin card from your hand. If you don't, Auntie's Hovel enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {B} or {R} to your mana pool.
Gilt-Leaf Palace	lorwyn	268	L		0	Land			R	As Gilt-Leaf Palace enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elf card from your hand. If you don't, Gilt-Leaf Palace enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {B} or {G} to your mana pool.
Howltooth Hollow	lorwyn	269	L		0	Land			R	Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.) {T}: Add {B} to your mana pool. {B}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if each player has no cards in hand.
Mosswort Bridge	lorwyn	270	L		0	Land			R	Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.) {T}: Add {G} to your mana pool. {G}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if creatures you control have total power 10 or greater.
Secluded Glen	lorwyn	271	L		0	Land			R	As Secluded Glen enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Faerie card from your hand. If you don't, Secluded Glen enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {U} or {B} to your mana pool.
Shelldock Isle	lorwyn	272	L		0	Land			R	Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.) {T}: Add {U} to your mana pool. {U}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if a library has twenty or fewer cards in it.
Shimmering Grotto	lorwyn	273	L		0	Land			C	{T}: Add {1} to your mana pool. {1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Spinerock Knoll	lorwyn	274	L		0	Land			R	Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.) {T}: Add {R} to your mana pool. {R}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if an opponent was dealt 7 or more damage this turn.
Vivid Crag	lorwyn	275	L		0	Land			U	Vivid Crag enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it. {T}: Add {R} to your mana pool. {T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Crag: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Vivid Creek	lorwyn	276	L		0	Land			U	Vivid Creek enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it. {T}: Add {U} to your mana pool. {T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Creek: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Vivid Grove	lorwyn	277	L		0	Land			U	Vivid Grove enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it. {T}: Add {G} to your mana pool. {T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Grove: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Vivid Marsh	lorwyn	278	L		0	Land			U	Vivid Marsh enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it. {T}: Add {B} to your mana pool. {T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Marsh: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Vivid Meadow	lorwyn	279	L		0	Land			U	Vivid Meadow enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it. {T}: Add {W} to your mana pool. {T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Meadow: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.
Wanderwine Hub	lorwyn	280	L		0	Land			R	As Wanderwine Hub enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Merfolk card from your hand. If you don't, Wanderwine Hub enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {W} or {U} to your mana pool.
Windbrisk Heights	lorwyn	281	L		0	Land			R	Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.) {T}: Add {W} to your mana pool. {W}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn.
Plains	lorwyn	283	L		0	Basic Land - Plains			L	W
Island	lorwyn	289	L		0	Basic Land - Island			L	U
Swamp	lorwyn	292	L		0	Basic Land - Swamp			L	B
Mountain	lorwyn	297	L		0	Basic Land - Mountain			L	R
Forest	lorwyn	299	L		0	Basic Land - Forest			L	G
Ballyrush Banneret	morningtide	1	W	1W	2	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	1	C	Kithkin spells and Soldier spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Battletide Alchemist	morningtide	2	W	3WW	5	Creature - Kithkin Cleric	3	4	R	If a source would deal damage to a player, you may prevent X of that damage, where X is the number of Clerics you control.
Burrenton Bombardier	morningtide	3	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	C	Flying Reinforce 2-{2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.)
Burrenton Shield-Bearers	morningtide	4	W	4W	5	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	3	3	C	Whenever Burrenton Shield-Bearers attacks, target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn.
Cenn's Tactician	morningtide	5	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	U	{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target Soldier creature. Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it can block an additional creature.
Changeling Sentinel	morningtide	6	W	3W	4	Creature - Shapeshifter	3	2	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Vigilance
Coordinated Barrage	morningtide	7	W	W	1	Instant			C	Choose a creature type. Coordinated Barrage deals damage to target attacking or blocking creature equal to the number of permanents you control of the chosen type.
Daily Regimen	morningtide	8	W	W	1	Enchantment - Aura			U	Enchant creature {1}{W}: Put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature.
Feudkiller's Verdict	morningtide	9	W	4WW	6	Tribal Sorcery - Giant			R	You gain 10 life. Then if you have more life than an opponent, put a 5/5 white Giant Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Forfend	morningtide	10	W	1W	2	Instant			C	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures this turn.
Graceful Reprieve	morningtide	11	W	1W	2	Instant			U	When target creature is put into a graveyard this turn, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Idyllic Tutor	morningtide	12	W	2W	3	Sorcery			R	Search your library for an enchantment card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Indomitable Ancients	morningtide	13	W	2WW	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	2	10	R	
Kinsbaile Borderguard	morningtide	14	W	1WW	3	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	R	Kinsbaile Borderguard enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other Kithkin you control. When Kinsbaile Borderguard is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, put a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token onto the battlefield for each counter on it.
Kinsbaile Cavalier	morningtide	15	W	3W	4	Creature - Kithkin Knight	2	2	R	Knight creatures you control have double strike.
Kithkin Zephyrnaut	morningtide	16	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	C	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Kithkin Zephyrnaut, you may reveal it. If you do, Kithkin Zephyrnaut gets +2/+2 and gains flying and vigilance until end of turn.
Meadowboon	morningtide	17	W	2WW	4	Creature - Elemental	3	3	U	When Meadowboon leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature target player controls. Evoke {3}{W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Mosquito Guard	morningtide	18	W	W	1	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	1	1	C	First strike Reinforce 1-{1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)
Order of the Golden Cricket	morningtide	19	W	1W	2	Creature - Kithkin Knight	2	2	C	Whenever Order of the Golden Cricket attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, it gains flying until end of turn.
Preeminent Captain	morningtide	20	W	2W	3	Creature - Kithkin Soldier	2	2	R	First strike Whenever Preeminent Captain attacks, you may put a Soldier creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.
Redeem the Lost	morningtide	21	W	1W	2	Instant			U	Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Redeem the Lost to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Reveillark	morningtide	22	W	4W	5	Creature - Elemental	4	3	R	Flying When Reveillark leaves the battlefield, return up to two target creature cards with power 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Evoke {5}{W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Shinewend	morningtide	23	W	1W	2	Creature - Elemental	0	0	C	Flying Shinewend enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. {1}{W}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Shinewend: Destroy target enchantment.
Stonehewer Giant	morningtide	24	W	3WW	5	Creature - Giant Warrior	4	4	R	Vigilance {1}{W}, {T}: Search your library for an Equipment card and put it onto the battlefield. Attach it to a creature you control. Then shuffle your library.
Stonybrook Schoolmaster	morningtide	25	W	2W	3	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	2	C	Whenever Stonybrook Schoolmaster becomes tapped, you may put a 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature token onto the battlefield.
Swell of Courage	morningtide	26	W	3WW	5	Instant			U	Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn. Reinforce X-{X}{W}{W} ({X}{W}{W}, Discard this card: Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature.)
Wandering Graybeard	morningtide	27	W	3WW	5	Creature - Giant Wizard	4	4	U	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Wandering Graybeard, you may reveal it. If you do, you gain 4 life.
Weight of Conscience	morningtide	28	W	1W	2	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant creature Enchanted creature can't attack. Tap two untapped creatures you control that share a creature type: Exile enchanted creature.
Declaration of Naught	morningtide	29	U	UU	2	Enchantment			R	As Declaration of Naught enters the battlefield, name a card. {U}: Counter target spell with the chosen name.
Dewdrop Spy	morningtide	30	U	1UU	3	Creature - Faerie Rogue	2	2	C	Flash Flying When Dewdrop Spy enters the battlefield, look at the top card of target player's library.
Disperse	morningtide	31	U	1U	2	Instant			C	Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
Distant Melody	morningtide	32	U	3U	4	Sorcery			C	Choose a creature type. Draw a card for each permanent you control of that type.
Fencer Clique	morningtide	33	U	2UU	4	Creature - Faerie Soldier	3	2	C	Flying {U}: Put Fencer Clique on top of its owner's library.
Floodchaser	morningtide	34	U	5U	6	Creature - Elemental	0	0	C	Floodchaser enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it. Floodchaser can't attack unless defending player controls an Island. {U}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Floodchaser: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn.
Grimoire Thief	morningtide	35	U	UU	2	Creature - Merfolk Rogue	2	2	R	Whenever Grimoire Thief becomes tapped, exile the top three cards of target opponent's library face down. You may look at cards exiled with Grimoire Thief. {U}, Sacrifice Grimoire Thief: Turn all cards exiled with Grimoire Thief face up. Counter all spells with those names.
Ink Dissolver	morningtide	36	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	1	C	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Ink Dissolver, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent puts the top three cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard.
Inspired Sprite	morningtide	37	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Wizard	2	2	U	Flash Flying Whenever you cast a Wizard spell, you may untap Inspired Sprite. {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
Knowledge Exploitation	morningtide	38	U	5UU	7	Tribal Sorcery - Rogue			R	Prowl {3}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.) Search target opponent's library for an instant or sorcery card. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then that player shuffles his or her library.
Latchkey Faerie	morningtide	39	U	3U	4	Creature - Faerie Rogue	3	1	C	Flying Prowl {2}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Faerie or Rogue.) When Latchkey Faerie enters the battlefield, if its prowl cost was paid, draw a card.
Merrow Witsniper	morningtide	40	U	U	1	Creature - Merfolk Rogue	1	1	C	When Merrow Witsniper enters the battlefield, target player puts the top card of his or her library into his or her graveyard.
Mind Spring	morningtide	41	U	XUU	2	Sorcery			R	Draw X cards.
Mothdust Changeling	morningtide	42	U	U	1	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Tap an untapped creature you control: Mothdust Changeling gains flying until end of turn.
Negate	morningtide	43	U	1U	2	Instant			C	Counter target noncreature spell.
Nevermaker	morningtide	44	U	3U	4	Creature - Elemental	2	3	U	Flying When Nevermaker leaves the battlefield, put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library. Evoke {3}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Notorious Throng	morningtide	45	U	3U	4	Tribal Sorcery - Rogue			R	Prowl {5}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.) Put X 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature tokens with flying onto the battlefield, where X is the damage dealt to your opponents this turn. If Notorious Throng's prowl cost was paid, take an extra turn after this one.
Research the Deep	morningtide	46	U	1U	2	Sorcery			U	Draw a card. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Research the Deep to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Sage of Fables	morningtide	47	U	2U	3	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	2	U	Each other Wizard creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it. {2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Draw a card.
Sage's Dousing	morningtide	48	U	2U	3	Tribal Instant - Wizard			U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}. If you control a Wizard, draw a card.
Sigil Tracer	morningtide	49	U	1UU	3	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	2	2	R	{1}{U}, Tap two untapped Wizards you control: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Slithermuse	morningtide	50	U	2UU	4	Creature - Elemental	3	3	R	When Slithermuse leaves the battlefield, choose an opponent. If that player has more cards in hand than you, draw cards equal to the difference. Evoke {3}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Stonybrook Banneret	morningtide	51	U	1U	2	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	1	1	C	Islandwalk Merfolk spells and Wizard spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Stream of Unconsciousness	morningtide	52	U	U	1	Tribal Instant - Wizard			C	Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn. If you control a Wizard, draw a card.
Supreme Exemplar	morningtide	53	U	6U	7	Creature - Elemental	10	10	R	Flying Champion an Elemental (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elemental you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Thieves' Fortune	morningtide	54	U	2U	3	Tribal Instant - Rogue			U	Prowl {U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.) Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Vendilion Clique	morningtide	55	U	1UU	3	Legendary Creature - Faerie Wizard	3	1	R	Flash Flying When Vendilion Clique enters the battlefield, look at target player's hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player reveals the chosen card, puts it on the bottom of his or her library, then draws a card.
Waterspout Weavers	morningtide	56	U	3UU	5	Creature - Merfolk Wizard	3	3	U	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Waterspout Weavers, you may reveal it. If you do, each creature you control gains flying until end of turn.
Auntie's Snitch	morningtide	57	B	2B	3	Creature - Goblin Rogue	3	1	R	Auntie's Snitch can't block. Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.) Whenever a Goblin or Rogue you control deals combat damage to a player, if Auntie's Snitch is in your graveyard, you may return Auntie's Snitch to your hand.
Bitterblossom	morningtide	58	B	1B	2	Tribal Enchantment - Faerie			R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and put a 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying onto the battlefield.
Blightsoil Druid	morningtide	59	B	1B	2	Creature - Elf Druid	1	2	C	{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G} to your mana pool.
Earwig Squad	morningtide	60	B	3BB	5	Creature - Goblin Rogue	5	3	R	Prowl {2}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.) When Earwig Squad enters the battlefield, if its prowl cost was paid, search target opponent's library for three cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles his or her library.
Fendeep Summoner	morningtide	61	B	4B	5	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	3	5	R	{T}: Up to two target Swamps each become 3/5 Treefolk Warrior creatures in addition to their other types until end of turn.
Festercreep	morningtide	62	B	1B	2	Creature - Elemental	0	0	C	Festercreep enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. {1}{B}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Festercreep: All other creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.
Final-Sting Faerie	morningtide	63	B	3B	4	Creature - Faerie Assassin	2	2	C	Flying When Final-Sting Faerie enters the battlefield, destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn.
Frogtosser Banneret	morningtide	64	B	1B	2	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	1	C	Haste Goblin spells and Rogue spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Maralen of the Mornsong	morningtide	65	B	1BB	3	Legendary Creature - Elf Wizard	2	3	R	Players can't draw cards. At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player loses 3 life, searches his or her library for a card, puts it into his or her hand, then shuffles his or her library.
Mind Shatter	morningtide	66	B	XBB	2	Sorcery			R	Target player discards X cards at random.
Moonglove Changeling	morningtide	67	B	2B	3	Creature - Shapeshifter	2	2	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {B}: Moonglove Changeling gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Creatures dealt damage by this creature are destroyed. You can divide its combat damage among any of the creatures blocking or blocked by it.)
Morsel Theft	morningtide	68	B	2BB	4	Tribal Sorcery - Rogue			C	Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.) Target player loses 3 life and you gain 3 life. If Morsel Theft's prowl cost was paid, draw a card.
Nightshade Schemers	morningtide	69	B	4B	5	Creature - Faerie Wizard	3	2	U	Flying Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Nightshade Schemers, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent loses 2 life.
Noggin Whack	morningtide	70	B	2BB	4	Tribal Sorcery - Rogue			U	Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.) Target player reveals three cards from his or her hand. You choose two of them. That player discards those cards.
Offalsnout	morningtide	71	B	2B	3	Creature - Elemental	2	2	U	Flash When Offalsnout leaves the battlefield, exile target card from a graveyard. Evoke {B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Oona's Blackguard	morningtide	72	B	1B	2	Creature - Faerie Rogue	1	1	U	Flying Each other Rogue creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Pack's Disdain	morningtide	73	B	1B	2	Instant			C	Choose a creature type. Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each permanent of the chosen type you control.
Prickly Boggart	morningtide	74	B	B	1	Creature - Goblin Rogue	1	1	C	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Pulling Teeth	morningtide	75	B	1B	2	Sorcery			C	Clash with an opponent. If you win, target player discards two cards. Otherwise, that player discards a card. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Revive the Fallen	morningtide	76	B	1B	2	Sorcery			U	Return target creature card in a graveyard to its owner's hand. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Revive the Fallen to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Scarblade Elite	morningtide	77	B	BB	2	Creature - Elf Assassin	2	2	R	{T}, Exile an Assassin card from your graveyard: Destroy target creature.
Squeaking Pie Grubfellows	morningtide	78	B	3B	4	Creature - Goblin Shaman	3	2	C	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Squeaking Pie Grubfellows, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent discards a card.
Stenchskipper	morningtide	79	B	3B	4	Creature - Elemental	6	5	R	Flying At the beginning of the end step, if you control no Goblins, sacrifice Stenchskipper.
Stinkdrinker Bandit	morningtide	80	B	3B	4	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	1	U	Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.) Whenever a Rogue you control attacks and isn't blocked, it gets +2/+1 until end of turn.
Violet Pall	morningtide	81	B	4B	5	Tribal Instant - Faerie			C	Destroy target nonblack creature. Put a 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying onto the battlefield.
Warren Weirding	morningtide	82	B	1B	2	Tribal Sorcery - Goblin			U	Target player sacrifices a creature. If a Goblin is sacrificed this way, that player puts two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens onto the battlefield, and those tokens gain haste until end of turn.
Weed-Pruner Poplar	morningtide	83	B	4B	5	Creature - Treefolk Assassin	3	3	C	At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature other than Weed-Pruner Poplar gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Weirding Shaman	morningtide	84	B	1B	2	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	1	R	{3}{B}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Put two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens onto the battlefield.
Boldwyr Heavyweights	morningtide	85	R	2RR	4	Creature - Giant Warrior	8	8	R	Trample When Boldwyr Heavyweights enters the battlefield, each opponent may search his or her library for a creature card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched his or her library this way shuffles it.
Boldwyr Intimidator	morningtide	86	R	5RR	7	Creature - Giant Warrior	5	5	U	Cowards can't block Warriors. {R}: Target creature becomes a Coward until end of turn. {2}{R}: Target creature becomes a Warrior until end of turn.
Borderland Behemoth	morningtide	87	R	5RR	7	Creature - Giant Warrior	4	4	R	Trample Borderland Behemoth gets +4/+4 for each other Giant you control.
Brighthearth Banneret	morningtide	88	R	1R	2	Creature - Elemental Warrior	1	1	C	Elemental spells and Warrior spells you cast cost {1} less to cast. Reinforce 1-{1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)
Countryside Crusher	morningtide	89	R	1RR	3	Creature - Giant Warrior	3	3	R	At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it into your graveyard and repeat this process. Whenever a land card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, put a +1/+1 counter on Countryside Crusher.
Fire Juggler	morningtide	90	R	2R	3	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	C	Whenever Fire Juggler becomes blocked, clash with an opponent. If you win, Fire Juggler deals 4 damage to each creature blocking it. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Hostile Realm	morningtide	91	R	2R	3	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant land Enchanted land has "{T}: Target creature can't block this turn."
Kindled Fury	morningtide	92	R	R	1	Instant			C	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Lightning Crafter	morningtide	93	R	3R	4	Creature - Goblin Shaman	3	3	R	Champion a Goblin or Shaman (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Goblin or Shaman you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) {T}: Lightning Crafter deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Lunk Errant	morningtide	94	R	5R	6	Creature - Giant Warrior	4	4	C	Whenever Lunk Errant attacks alone, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
Mudbutton Clanger	morningtide	95	R	R	1	Creature - Goblin Warrior	1	1	C	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Mudbutton Clanger, you may reveal it. If you do, Mudbutton Clanger gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Pyroclast Consul	morningtide	96	R	3RR	5	Creature - Elemental Shaman	3	3	U	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Pyroclast Consul, you may reveal it. If you do, Pyroclast Consul deals 2 damage to each creature.
Rage Forger	morningtide	97	R	2R	3	Creature - Elemental Shaman	2	2	U	When Rage Forger enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Shaman creature you control. Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it attacks, you may have that creature deal 1 damage to target player.
Release the Ants	morningtide	98	R	1R	2	Instant			U	Release the Ants deals 1 damage to target creature or player. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Release the Ants to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Rivals' Duel	morningtide	99	R	3R	4	Sorcery			U	Choose two target creatures that share no creature types. Each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to the other.
Roar of the Crowd	morningtide	100	R	3R	4	Sorcery			C	Choose a creature type. Roar of the Crowd deals damage to target creature or player equal to the number of permanents you control of the chosen type.
Seething Pathblazer	morningtide	101	R	2R	3	Creature - Elemental Warrior	2	2	C	Sacrifice an Elemental: Seething Pathblazer gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Sensation Gorger	morningtide	102	R	1RR	3	Creature - Goblin Shaman	2	2	R	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Sensation Gorger, you may reveal it. If you do, each player discards his or her hand and draws four cards.
Shard Volley	morningtide	103	R	R	1	Instant			C	As an additional cost to cast Shard Volley, sacrifice a land. Shard Volley deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Shared Animosity	morningtide	104	R	2R	3	Enchantment			R	Whenever a creature you control attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking creature that shares a creature type with it.
Spitebellows	morningtide	105	R	5R	6	Creature - Elemental	6	1	U	When Spitebellows leaves the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to target creature. Evoke {1}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Stingmoggie	morningtide	106	R	3R	4	Creature - Elemental	0	0	C	Stingmoggie enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. {3}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Stingmoggie: Destroy target artifact or land.
Stomping Slabs	morningtide	107	R	2R	3	Sorcery			U	Reveal the top seven cards of your library, then put those cards on the bottom of your library in any order. If a card named Stomping Slabs was revealed this way, Stomping Slabs deals 7 damage to target creature or player.
Sunflare Shaman	morningtide	108	R	1R	2	Creature - Elemental Shaman	2	1	C	{1}{R}, {T}: Sunflare Shaman deals X damage to target creature or player and X damage to itself, where X is the number of Elemental cards in your graveyard.
Taurean Mauler	morningtide	109	R	2R	3	Creature - Shapeshifter	2	2	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Taurean Mauler.
Titan's Revenge	morningtide	110	R	XRR	2	Sorcery			R	Titan's Revenge deals X damage to target creature or player. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Titan's Revenge to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Vengeful Firebrand	morningtide	111	R	3R	4	Creature - Elemental Warrior	5	2	R	Vengeful Firebrand has haste as long as a Warrior card is in your graveyard. {R}: Vengeful Firebrand gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
War-Spike Changeling	morningtide	112	R	3R	4	Creature - Shapeshifter	3	3	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) {R}: War-Spike Changeling gains first strike until end of turn.
Ambassador Oak	morningtide	113	G	3G	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	3	3	C	When Ambassador Oak enters the battlefield, put a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token onto the battlefield.
Bosk Banneret	morningtide	114	G	1G	2	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	1	3	C	Treefolk spells and Shaman spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Bramblewood Paragon	morningtide	115	G	1G	2	Creature - Elf Warrior	2	2	U	Each other Warrior creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it. Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.
Chameleon Colossus	morningtide	116	G	2GG	4	Creature - Shapeshifter	4	4	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Protection from black {2}{G}{G}: Chameleon Colossus gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power.
Cream of the Crop	morningtide	117	G	1G	2	Enchantment			R	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may look at the top X cards of your library, where X is that creature's power. If you do, put one of those cards on top of your library and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Deglamer	morningtide	118	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Choose target artifact or enchantment. Its owner shuffles it into his or her library.
Earthbrawn	morningtide	119	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Reinforce 1-{1}{G} ({1}{G}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)
Elvish Warrior	morningtide	120	G	GG	2	Creature - Elf Warrior	2	3	C	
Everbark Shaman	morningtide	121	G	4G	5	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	3	5	C	{T}, Exile a Treefolk card from your graveyard: Search your library for two Forest cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.
Fertilid	morningtide	122	G	2G	3	Creature - Elemental	0	0	C	Fertilid enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. {1}{G}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Fertilid: Target player searches his or her library for a basic land card and puts it onto the battlefield tapped. Then that player shuffles his or her library.
Game-Trail Changeling	morningtide	123	G	3GG	5	Creature - Shapeshifter	4	4	C	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.) Trample
Gilt-Leaf Archdruid	morningtide	124	G	3GG	5	Creature - Elf Druid	3	3	R	Whenever you cast a Druid spell, you may draw a card. Tap seven untapped Druids you control: Gain control of all lands target player controls.
Greatbow Doyen	morningtide	125	G	4G	5	Creature - Elf Archer	2	4	R	Other Archer creatures you control get +1/+1. Whenever an Archer you control deals damage to a creature, that Archer deals that much damage to that creature's controller.
Heritage Druid	morningtide	126	G	G	1	Creature - Elf Druid	1	1	U	Tap three untapped Elves you control: Add {G}{G}{G} to your mana pool.
Hunting Triad	morningtide	127	G	3G	4	Tribal Sorcery - Elf			U	Put three 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens onto the battlefield. Reinforce 3-{3}{G} ({3}{G}, Discard this card: Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.)
Leaf-Crowned Elder	morningtide	128	G	2GG	4	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	3	5	R	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Leaf-Crowned Elder, you may reveal it. If you do, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.
Luminescent Rain	morningtide	129	G	2G	3	Instant			C	Choose a creature type. You gain 2 life for each permanent you control of that type.
Lys Alana Bowmaster	morningtide	130	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Archer	2	2	C	Reach (This can block creatures with flying.) Whenever you cast an Elf spell, you may have Lys Alana Bowmaster deal 2 damage to target creature with flying.
Orchard Warden	morningtide	131	G	4GG	6	Creature - Treefolk Shaman	4	6	U	Whenever another Treefolk creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain life equal to that creature's toughness.
Reach of Branches	morningtide	132	G	4G	5	Tribal Instant - Treefolk			R	Put a 2/5 green Treefolk Shaman creature token onto the battlefield. Whenever a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Reach of Branches from your graveyard to your hand.
Recross the Paths	morningtide	133	G	2G	3	Sorcery			U	Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a land card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Recross the Paths to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Reins of the Vinesteed	morningtide	134	G	3G	4	Enchantment - Aura			C	Enchant creature Enchanted creature gets +2/+2. When enchanted creature is put into a graveyard, you may return Reins of the Vinesteed from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to a creature that shares a creature type with that creature.
Rhys the Exiled	morningtide	135	G	2G	3	Legendary Creature - Elf Warrior	3	2	R	Whenever Rhys the Exiled attacks, you gain 1 life for each Elf you control. {B}, Sacrifice an Elf: Regenerate Rhys the Exiled.
Scapeshift	morningtide	136	G	2GG	4	Sorcery			R	Sacrifice any number of lands. Search your library for that many land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Unstoppable Ash	morningtide	137	G	3G	4	Creature - Treefolk Warrior	5	5	R	Trample Champion a Treefolk or Warrior (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Treefolk or Warrior you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.) Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, it gets +0/+5 until end of turn.
Walker of the Grove	morningtide	138	G	6GG	8	Creature - Elemental	7	7	U	When Walker of the Grove leaves the battlefield, put a 4/4 green Elemental creature token onto the battlefield. Evoke {4}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)
Winnower Patrol	morningtide	139	G	2G	3	Creature - Elf Warrior	3	2	C	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Winnower Patrol, you may reveal it. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Winnower Patrol.
Wolf-Skull Shaman	morningtide	140	G	1G	2	Creature - Elf Shaman	2	2	U	Kinship - At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Wolf-Skull Shaman, you may reveal it. If you do, put a 2/2 green Wolf creature token onto the battlefield.
Cloak and Dagger	morningtide	141	A	2	2	Tribal Artifact - Rogue Equipment			U	Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.) Whenever a Rogue creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Cloak and Dagger to it. Equip {3}
Diviner's Wand	morningtide	142	A	3	3	Tribal Artifact - Wizard Equipment			U	Equipped creature has "Whenever you draw a card, this creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn" and "{4}: Draw a card." Whenever a Wizard creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Diviner's Wand to it. Equip {3}
Door of Destinies	morningtide	143	A	4	4	Artifact			R	As Door of Destinies enters the battlefield, choose a creature type. Whenever you cast a spell of the chosen type, put a charge counter on Door of Destinies. Creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1 for each charge counter on Door of Destinies.
Obsidian Battle-Axe	morningtide	144	A	3	3	Tribal Artifact - Warrior Equipment			U	Equipped creature gets +2/+1 and has haste. Whenever a Warrior creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Obsidian Battle-Axe to it. Equip {3}
Thornbite Staff	morningtide	145	A	2	2	Tribal Artifact - Shaman Equipment			U	Equipped creature has "{2}, {T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target creature or player" and "Whenever a creature is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, untap this creature." Whenever a Shaman creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Thornbite Staff to it. Equip {4}
Veteran's Armaments	morningtide	146	A	2	2	Tribal Artifact - Soldier Equipment			U	Equipped creature has "Whenever this creature attacks or blocks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each attacking creature." Whenever a Soldier creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Veteran's Armaments to it. Equip {2}
Murmuring Bosk	morningtide	147	L		0	Land - Forest			R	({T}: Add {G} to your mana pool.) As Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Treefolk card from your hand. If you don't, Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {W} or {B} to your mana pool. Murmuring Bosk deals 1 damage to you.
Mutavault	morningtide	148	L		0	Land			R	{T}: Add {1} to your mana pool. {1}: Mutavault becomes a 2/2 creature with all creature types until end of turn. It's still a land.
Primal Beyond	morningtide	149	L		0	Land			R	As Primal Beyond enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elemental card from your hand. If you don't, Primal Beyond enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {1} to your mana pool. {T}: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool. Spend this mana only to cast Elemental spells or activate abilities of Elementals.
Rustic Clachan	morningtide	150	L		0	Land			R	As Rustic Clachan enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Kithkin card from your hand. If you don't, Rustic Clachan enters the battlefield tapped. {T}: Add {W} to your mana pool. Reinforce 1-{1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)