Name	Set	ImageFile	Color	Cost	ConvertedCost	Type	Power	Toughness	Rarity	Text
Academy at Tolaria West	planechase	1	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	At the beginning of the end step, if you have no cards in hand, draw 7 cards. | Whenever you roll , discard your hand. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, discard your hand.
The Aether Flues	planechase	2	P			Plane - Iquantana			C	When you planeswalk to The Aether Flues or at the beginning of your upkeep you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card, put that card onto the battlfield then shuffle all other cards revealed this way into your library.  | Whenever you roll , you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.
Agyrem	planechase	3	P			Plane - Ravnica			C	Whenever a white creature is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step. Whenever a nonwhite creature is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, return it to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, creatures can't attack you until a player planeswalks.
Bant	planechase	4	P			Plane - Alara			C	Each creature has exalted. (Whenever a creature attacks alone, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each instance of exalted among creatures its controller controls.) | Whenever you roll , put a divinity counter on target green, white or blue creature. That creature is indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put a divinity counter on target green, white or blue creature. That creature is indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Cliffside Market	planechase	5	P			Plane - Mercadia			C	When you planeswalk to Cliffside Market or at the beginning of your upkeep, you may exchange life totals with target player. | Whenever you roll , exchange control of two target permanents that share a type. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, exchange control of two target permanents that share a type.
The Dark Barony	planechase	6	P			Plane - Ulgrotha			C	Whenever a nonblack card is put into a player's graveyard from anywhere, that player loses 1 life. | Whenever you roll , each opponent discards a card. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, each opponent discards a card.
Eloren Wilds	planechase	7	P			Plane - Shandalar			C	Whenever a player taps a permanent for mana, that player adds one mana to his or her mana pool of any type that permanent produced. | Whenever you roll , target player can't cast spells until a player planeswalks. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target player can't cast spells until a player planeswalks.
The Eon Fog	planechase	8	P			Plane - Equilor			C	Players skip their untap steps. | Whenever you roll , untap all permanents you control. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, untap all permanents you control.
Feeding Grounds	planechase	9	P			Plane - Muraganda			C	Red spells cost 1 less to cast. Green spells cost less to cast. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is that creature's converted mana cost.
Fields of Summer	planechase	10	P			Plane - Moag			C	Whenever a player casts a spell, that player may gain 2 life. | Whenever you roll , you may gain 10 life. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you may gain 10 life.
The Fourth Sphere	planechase	11	P			Plane - Phyrexia			C	At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a nonblack creature. | Whenever you roll , put a 2/2 black Zombie creature token onto the battlefield. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put a 2/2 black Zombie creature token onto the battlefield.
Glimmervoid Basin	planechase	12	P			Plane - Mirrodin			C	Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell with a single target, he or she copies that spell for each other spell, permanent, card not on the battlefield, and/or player the spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of them. | Whenever you roll , choose target creature. Each player except that creature's controller puts a token onto the battlefield that's a copy of that creature. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, choose target creature. Each player except that creature's controller puts a token onto the battlefield that's a copy of that creature.
Goldmeadow	planechase	13	P			Plane - Lorwyn			C	Whenever a land enters the battlefield, that land's controller puts three 0/1 white Goat tokens onto the battlefield. | Whenever you roll , put a 0/1 white Goat token onto the battlefield. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put a 0/1 white Goat token onto the battlefield.
The Great Forest	planechase	14	P			Plane - Lorwyn			C	Each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power. | Whenever you roll , creatures you control get +0/+2 and gain trample until end of turn. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, creatures you control get +0/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.
Grixis	planechase	15	P			Plane - Alara			C	Blue, black, and/or red creature cards in your graveyard have unearth. The unearth cost is equal to the card's mana cost. (Pay the card's mana cost: Return it to the battlefield. The creature gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.) | Whenever you roll , put target creature card in a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put target creature card in a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
The Hippodrome	planechase	16	P			Plane - Segovia			C	All creatures get -5/-0 | Whenever you roll , you may destroy target creature if its power is 0 or less. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you may destroy target creature if its power is 0 or less.
Immersturm	planechase	17	P			Plane - Valla			C	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, that creature's controller may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature or player of his or her choice. | Whenever you roll , exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Isle of Vesuva	planechase	18	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield, its controller puts a token onto the battlefield that's a copy of that creature. | Whenever you roll , destroy target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, destroy target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature.
Izzet Steam Maze	planechase	19	P			Plane - Ravnica			C	Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell, that player copies it. The player may choose new targets for the copy. | Whenever you roll , instant and sorcery spells you cast this turn cost less to cast. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, instant and sorcery spells you cast this turn cost less to cast.
Krosa	planechase	20	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	All creatures get +2/+2. | Whenever you roll , add WUBRG to your mana pool. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, add to your mana pool.
Lethe Lake	planechase	21	P			Plane - Arkhos			C	At the beginning of your upkeep put, the top 10 cards of your library into your graveyard. | Whenever you roll , target player puts the top ten cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target player puts the top ten cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard.
Llanowar	planechase	22	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	All creatures have ": Add to your mana pool." | Whenever you roll , untap all creatures you control. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, untap all creatures you control.
The Maelstrom	planechase	23	P			Plane - Alara			C	When you planeswalk to The Maelstrom or at the beginning of your upkeep, you may reveal the top card of your library. If it's a permanent card, you may put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put that card on the bottom of your library. | Whenever you roll , return target permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, return target permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Minamo	planechase	24	P			Plane - Kamigawa			C	Whenever a player casts a spell, that player may draw a card. | Whenever you roll , each player may return a blue card from his or her graveyard to his or her hand. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, each player may return a blue card from his or her graveyard to his or her hand.
Murasa	planechase	25	P			Plane - Zendikar			C	Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield, its controller may search his or her library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle his or her library. | Whenever you roll , target land becomes a 4/4 creature that's still a land. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target land becomes a 4/4 creature that's still a land.
Naar Isle	planechase	26	P			Plane - Wildfire			C	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a flame counter on Naar Isle, then Naar Isle deals damage to you equal to the number of flame counters on it. | Whenever you roll , Naar Isle deals 3 damage to target player. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, Naar Isle deals 3 damage to target player.
Naya	planechase	27	P			Plane - Alara			C	You may play any number of additional lands on each of your turns. | Whenever you roll , target red, green, or white creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each land you control. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target red, green, or white creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each land you control.
Otaria	planechase	28	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	Instant and sorcery cards in graveyards have flashback. The flashback cost is equal to the cards mana cost. (Its owner may cast the card from his or her graveyard for its mana cost. Then he or she exiles it.) | Whenever you roll , take an extra turn after this one. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, take an extra turn after this one.
Panopticon	planechase	29	P			Plane - Mirrodin			C	When you planeswalk to Panopticon draw a card. At the beginning of each player's Draw step, that player draws a card. | Whenever you roll , you may draw a card. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you may draw a card.
Pools of Becoming	planechase	30	P			Plane - Bolas's Meditation Realm			C	At the beginning of your end step, put the cards in your hand on the bottom of your library in any order then draw that many cards. | Whenever you roll , reveal the top three cards of your planar deck. Each of the revealed cards' abilities triggers. Then put the revealed cards on the bottom of your planar deck in any order. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, reveal the top three cards of your planar deck. Each of the revealed cards' abilities triggers. Then put the revealed cards on the bottom of your planar deck in any order.
Raven's Run	planechase	31	P			Plane - Shadowmoor			C	All creatures have wither. (They deal damage in the form of -1/-1 counters.) | Whenever you roll , put a -1/-1 counter on target creature, two -1/-1 counters on another target creature, and three -1/-1 counters on a third target creature. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature, two -1/-1 counters on another target creature, and three -1/-1 counters on a third target creature.
Sanctum of Serra	planechase	32	P			Plane - Serra's Realm			C	When you planeswalk away from Sanctum of Serra, destroy all nonland permanents. | Whenever you roll , you may have your life total become 20. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you may have your life total become 20.
Sea of Sand	planechase	33	P			Plane - Rabiah			C	Players reveal each card they draw. Whenever a player draws a land card, that player gains 3 life. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put target permanent on top of its owner's library.
Shiv	planechase	34	P			Plane - Dominaria			C	All creatures have "R: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn." | Whenever you roll , put a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying onto the battlefield. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, put a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying onto the battlefield.
Skybreen	planechase	35	P			Plane - Kaldheim			C	Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed. Spells that share a card type with the top card of a library can't be cast. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target player loses life equal to the number of card in his or her hand.
Sokenzan	planechase	36	P			Plane - Kamigawa			C	All creatures get +1/+1 and have haste. | Whenever you roll , untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.
Stronghold Furnace	planechase	37	P			Plane - Rath			C	If a source would deal damage to a creature or player, it deals double that damage to that creature or player instead. | Whenever you roll , Stronghold Furnace deals 1 damage to target creature or player. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, Stronghold Furnace deals 1 damage to target creature or player.
Turri Island	planechase	38	P			Plane - Ir			C	Creature spells cost less to cast. | Whenever you roll , reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Undercity Reaches	planechase	39	P			Plane - Ravnica			C	Whenever a creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may draw a card. | Whenever you roll , you have no maximum hand size the rest of the game. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, you have no maximum hand size the rest of the game.
Velis Vel	planechase	40	P			Plane - Lorwyn			C	Each creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature on the battlefield that shares at least one creature type with it. | Whenever you roll , target creature gains all creature types until end of turn. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, target creature gains all creature types until end of turn.
Tazeem	planechase	41	P			Plane - Zendikar			C	Creatures can't block. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, draw a card for each land you control.
Celestine Reef	planechase	42	P			Plane - Luvion			C	Creatures without flying or islandwalk can't attack. CHAOS| Whenever you roll CHAOS, until a player planeswalks, you can't lose the game and your opponents can't win the game.
