Name	Set	ImageFile	Color	Cost	ConvertedCost	Type	Power	Toughness	Rarity	Text
Charm School	unglued	1	W	2W	3	Enchant Player			U	When Charm School comes into play, choose a color and balance Charm School on your head. Prevent all damage to you of the chosen color. If Charm School falls off your head, sacrifice Charm School.
Double Dip	unglued	2	W	4W	5	Instant			C	Choose another player. Gain 5 life now and an additional 5 life at the beginning of the next game with that player.
Get a Life	unglued	3	W	W	1	Instant			U	Target player and each of his or her teammates exchange life totals.
I'm Rubber, You're Glue	unglued	4	W	WW	2	Enchantment			R	Speak only in rhyming sentences. If you do not, sacrifice I'm Rubber, You're Glue. Say "I'm rubber, you're glue. Everything bounces off me and sticks to you": Target spell or ability, which targets only you, targets another player of your choice instead. (The new target must be legal.)
Knight of the Hokey Pokey	unglued	5	W	WW	2	Summon - Knight	2	2	C	First strike o1oW, Do the Hokey Pokey (Stand up, wiggle your butt, raise your hands above your head, and shake them wildly as you rotate 360 degrees): Prevent all damage to Knight of the Hokey Pokey from any one source.
Lexivore	unglued	6	W	3W	4	Summon - Beast	2	3	U	If Lexivore damages any player, destroy target card in play, other than Lexivore, with the most lines of text in its text box. (If more than one card has the most lines of text, you choose which of those cards to destroy.)
Look at Me, I'm the DCI	unglued	7	W	5WW	7	Sorcery			R	Ban one card, other than a basic land, for the remainder of the match. (For the remainder of the match, each player removes from the game all copies of that card in play or in any graveyard, hand, library, or sideboard.)
Mesa Chicken	unglued	8	W	WW	2	Summon - Chicken	2	2	C	Stand up, Flap your arms, Cluck like a chicken: Mesa Chicken gains flying until end of turn.
Miss Demeanor	unglued	9	W	3W	4	Summon - Lady of Proper Etiquette	3	1	U	Flying, first strike During each other player's turn, compliment that player on his or her game play or sacrifice Miss Demeanor.
Once More with Feeling	unglued	10	W	WWWW	4	Sorcery			R	Remove Once More with Feeling from the game as well as all cards in play and in all graveyards. Each player shuffles his or her hand into her or his library, then draws seven cards. Each player's life total is set to 10. DCI ruling: This card is restricted. (You cannot play with more than one in a deck.)
Prismatic Wardrobe	unglued	11	W	W	1	Sorcery			C	Destroy target card that does not share a color with clothing worn by its controller. You cannot choose an artifact or land card.
Sex Appeal	unglued	12	W	W	1	Instant			C	Prevent up to 3 damage total to any number of creatures and/or players. If there are more players in the room of the opposite sex, prevent up to 3 additional damage total to any number of creatures and/or players.
The Cheese Stands Alone	unglued	13	W	4WW	6	Enchantment			R	If you control no cards in play other than The Cheese Stands Alone and have no cards in your hand, you win the game.
Bureaucracy	unglued	14	U	3UU	5	Enchantment			R	Pursuant to subsection 3.1(4) of Richard's Rules of Order, during the upkeep of each participant in this game of the Magic: The Gathering trading card game (hereafter known as "PLAYER"), that PLAYER performs all actions in the sequence of previously added actions (hereafter known as "ACTION QUEUE"), in the order those actions were added, then adds another action to the end of the ACTION QUEUE. All actions must be simple physical or verbal actions that a player can perform while sitting in a chair, without jeopardizing the health and security of said PLAYER. If any PLAYER does not perform all the prescribed actions in the correct order, sacrifice Bureaucracy and said PLAYER discards his or her complement of cards in hand (hereafter known as "HAND").
Censorship	unglued	15	U	U	1	Enchantment			U	When Censorship comes into play, choose a CENSORED word. Whenever any CENSORED player says the chosen CENSORED word, Censorship deals 2 CENSORED damage to him or her.
Checks and Balances	unglued	16	U	2U	3	Enchantment			U	Whenever any spell is played, counter that spell if each player, other than the caster and his or her teammates, agrees to choose and discard a card. Those players must discard those cards after agreeing. Checks and Balances may be played only in a game with three or more players.
Chicken a la King	unglued	17	U	1UU	3	Summon - Chicken	2	2	R	Whenever a 6 is rolled on a six-sided die, put a +1/+1 counter on each Chicken in play. (You may roll dice only when a card instructs you to.) Tap a Chicken you control: Roll a six-sided die.
Clam Session	unglued	18	U	1UU	3	Summon - Clamfolk	2	5	C	When Clam Session comes into play, choose a word. During your upkeep, sing at least six words of a song, one of which must be the chosen word, or sacrifice Clam Session. You cannot repeat a song.
Clambassadors	unglued	19	U	3U	4	Summon - Clamfolk	4	4	C	If Clambassadors damages any player, choose an artifact, creature, or land you control. That player gains control of that artifact, creature, or land.
Clam-I-Am	unglued	20	U	2U	3	Summon - Clamfolk	2	2	C	Whenever you roll a 3 on a six-sided die, you may reroll that die.
Common Courtesy	unglued	21	U	2UU	4	Enchantment			U	Counter any spell unless its caster asks your permission to play that spell. If you refuse permission, Sacrifice Common Courtesy and counter the spell.
Denied!	unglued	22	U	U	1	Interrupt			C	Play Denied only as any opponent casts target spell. Name a card, then look at all cards in that player's hand. If the named card is in the player's hand, counter target spell.
Double Take	unglued	23	U	3UU	5	Instant			C	Choose another player. Draw two cards now and draw an additional two cards at the beginning of the next game with that player.
Fowl Play	unglued	24	U	2U	3	Enchant Creature			C	Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a 1/1 creature that counts as a Chicken.
Free-for-All	unglued	25	U	3U	4	Enchantment			R	When Free-for-All comes into play, set aside all creatures in play, face down. During each player's upkeep, that player chooses a creature card at random from those set aside in this way and puts that creature into play under his or her control. If Free-for-All leaves play, put each creature still set aside this way into its owner's graveyard.
Psychic Network	unglued	26	U	U	1	Enchantment			R	Each player reveals the top card of his or her library to all other players by continuously holding it against his or her forehead. This does not allow a player to look at his or her own card. (That card still counts as the top card of your library. Whenever you draw a card, draw that one and replace it with the next card of your library.)
Sorry	unglued	27	U	UU	2	Enchantment			U	Before playing any spell, if a copy of that spell card is in any graveyard, the spell's caster may say "Sorry." If he or she does not, any other player may counter the spell by saying "Sorry" as it is cast. If any player says "Sorry" at any other time, Sorry deals 2 damage to that player.
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster) A	unglued	28	B	BBBBBBBBBBBBBBB	15	Scariest Creature You'll Ever See	99	99	R	B.F.M. into play. If either B.F.M. card more creatures.
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster) B	unglued	29	B	BBBBBBBBBBBBBBB	15	Scariest Creature You'll Ever See	99	99	R	B.F.M. into play. If either B.F.M. card more creatures.
Deadhead	unglued	30	B	3B	4	Summon - Zombie	3	3	C	Put Deadhead into play. Use this ability only if any opponent loses contact with his or her hand of cards and only if Deadhead is in your graveyard.
Double Cross	unglued	31	B	3BB	5	Sorcery			C	Choose another player. Look at that player's hand and choose one of those cards other than a basic land. He or she discards that card. At the beginning of the next game with the player, look at the player's hand and choose one of those cards other than a basic land. He or she discards that card.
Handcuffs	unglued	32	B	3BB	5	Enchantment			U	Target player keeps both hands in contact with each other. If he or she does not, sacrifice Handcuffs and that player sacrifices three cards in play.
Infernal Spawn of Evil	unglued	33	B	6BBB	9	Summon - Demon Beast	7	7	R	Flying, first strike o1oB, Reveal Infernal Spawn of Evil from your hand, Say "It's coming": Infernal Spawn of Evil deals 1 damage to target opponent. Use this ability only during your upkeep and only once each upkeep.
Jumbo Imp	unglued	34	B	2B	3	Summon - Imp	0	0	U	Flying When you play Jumbo Imp, roll a six-sided die. Jumbo Imp comes into play with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the die roll. During your upkeep, roll a six-sided die and put on Jumbo Imp a number of +1/+1 counters equal to the die roll. At the end of your turn, roll a six-sided die and remove from Jumbo Imp a number of +1/+1 counters equal to the die roll.
Organ Harvest	unglued	35	B	B	1	Sorcery			C	You and your teammates may sacrifice any number of creatures. For each creature sacrificed in this way, add oBoB to your mana pool.
Ow	unglued	36	B	B	1	Enchantment			R	Whenever any creature damages a player, for each Ow card in play, that player says "Ow" once or Ow deals 1 damage to him or her.
Poultrygeist	unglued	37	B	2B	3	Summon - Chicken	1	1	C	Flying Whenever a creature is put into any graveyard from play, you may roll a six-sided die. On a 1, sacrifice Poultrygeist. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on Poultrygeist.
Temp of the Damned	unglued	38	B	2B	3	Summon - Zombie	3	3	C	When you play Temp of the Damned, roll a six-sided die. Temp of the Damned comes into play with a number of funk counters on it equal to the die roll. During your upkeep, remove a funk counter from Temp of the Damned or sacrifice Temp of the Damned.
Volrath's Motion Sensor	unglued	39	B	B	1	Enchant Player			U	When Volrath's Motion Sensor comes into play, choose target hand controlled by an opponent. Enchanted player balances Volrath's Motion Sensor on the back of that hand. If Volrath's Motion Sensor falls off the hand, sacrifice Volrath's Motion Sensor and that player loses 3 life.
Burning Cinder Fury of Crimson Chaos Fire	unglued	40	R	3R	4	Enchantment			R	Whenever any player taps a card, that player gives control of that card to an opponent at end of turn. If a player does not tap any nonland cards during his or her turn, Burning Cinder Fury of Crimson Chaos Fire deals 3 damage to that player at end of turn.
Chicken Egg	unglued	41	R	1R	2	Summon - Egg	0	1	C	During your upkeep, roll a six-sided die. On a 6, sacrifice Chicken Egg and put a Giant Chicken token into play. Treat this token as a 4/4 red creature that counts as a Chicken.
Double Deal	unglued	42	R	4R	5	Sorcery			C	Choose another player. Double Deal deals 3 damage to that player now and deals an additional 3 damage to the player at the beginning of the next game with the player.
Goblin Bookie	unglued	43	R	R	1	Summon - Goblin	1	1	C	oR, ocT: Reflip any coin or reroll any die.
Goblin Bowling Team	unglued	44	R	3R	4	Summon - Goblins	1	1	C	Whenever Goblin Bowling Team damages any creature or player, roll a six-sided die. Goblin Bowling Team deals to that creature or player additional damage equal to the die roll.
Goblin Tutor	unglued	45	R	R	1	Instant			U	Roll a six-sided die for Goblin Tutor. On a 1, Goblin Tutor has no effect. Otherwise, search your library for the indicated card, reveal that card to all players, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your library afterwards. 2 Any Goblin Tutor 3 Any enchantment 4 Any artifact 5 Any creature 6 Any sorcery, instant, or interrupt
Hurloon Wrangler	unglued	46	R	2R	3	Summon - Minotaur	2	2	C	Denimwalk (If defending player is wearing any clothing made of denim, this creature is unblockable.)
Jalum Grifter	unglued	47	R	3RR	5	Summon - Legend	3	5	R	o1oR, ocT: Put Jalum Grifter and two lands you control face down in front of target opponent after revealing each card to him or her. Then, rearrange the order of the three cards as often as you wish, keeping them on the table at all times. That opponent then chooses one of those cards. If a land is chosen, destroy target card in play. Otherwise, sacrifice Jalum Grifter.
Krazy Kow	unglued	48	R	3R	4	Summon - Cow	3	3	C	During your upkeep, roll a six-sided die. On a 1, sacrifice Krazy Kow and it deals 3 damage to each creature and player.
Landfill	unglued	49	R	4R	5	Sorcery			R	Choose a land type. Remove from play all lands of that type that you control. Drop those cards, one at a time, onto the playing area from a height of at least one foot. Destroy each card in play that is completely covered by those cards. Then return to play, tapped, all lands dropped in this way.
Ricochet	unglued	50	R	R	1	Enchantment			U	Whenever any spell targets a single player, each player rolls a six-sided die. That spell is redirected to the player or players with the lowest die roll. If two or more players tie for the lowest die roll, they reroll until there is no tie.
Spark Fiend	unglued	51	R	4R	5	Summon - Beast	5	6	R	When Spark Fiend comes into play, roll two six-sided dice. On a total of 2, 3, or 12, sacrifice Spark Fiend. On a total of 7 or 11, do not roll dice for Spark Fiend during any of your following upkeep phases. If you roll any other total, note it. During your upkeep, roll two six-sided dice. On a total of 7, sacrifice Spark Fiend. If you roll the noted total, do not roll dice for Spark Fiend during any of your following upkeep phases. On any other roll, there is no effect.
Strategy, Schmategy	unglued	52	R	1R	2	Sorcery			R	Roll a six-sided die for Strategy, Schmategy. On a 1, Strategy, Schmategy has no effect. Otherwise, it has one of the following effects. 2 Destroy all artifacts. 3 Destroy all lands. 4 Strategy, Schmategy deals 3 damage to each creature and player. 5 Each player discards his or her hand and draws seven cards. 6 Roll the die two more times.
The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coast Customer Service	unglued	53	R	XYZRR	2	Sorcery			U	The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coast Customer Service deals X damage to each of Y target creatures and Z target players.
Cardboard Carapace	unglued	54	G	5G	6	Enchant Creature			R	For each other Cardboard Carapace card you have with you, enchanted creature gets +1/+1. Errata: This does not count any Cardboard Carapace cards in play that you control or in your graveyard, hand, or library.
Double Play	unglued	55	G	3GG	5	Sorcery			C	Choose another player. Search your library for a basic land and put that land into play. At the beginning of the next game with that player, search your library for an additional basic land and put that land into play. In both cases, shuffle your library afterwards.
Elvish Impersonators	unglued	56	G	3G	4	Summon - Elves	*	*	C	When you play Elvish Impersonators, roll two six-sided dice one after the other. Elvish Impersonators comes into play with power equal to the first die roll and toughness equal to the second.
Flock of Rabid Sheep	unglued	57	G	XGG	2	Sorcery			U	Flip X coins; an opponent calls heads or tails. For each flip you win, put a Rabid Sheep token into play. Treat these tokens as 2/2 green creatures that count as Sheep.
Free-Range Chicken	unglued	58	G	3G	4	Summon - Chicken	3	3	C	o1oG: Roll two six-sided dice. If both die rolls are the same, Free-Range Chicken gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number rolled on each die. Otherwise, if the total rolled is equal to any other total you have rolled this turn for Free-Range Chicken, sacrifice it. (For example, if you roll two 3s, Free-Range Chicken gets +3/+3. If you roll a total of 6 for Free-Range Chicken later in that turn, sacrifice it.)
Gerrymandering	unglued	59	G	2G	3	Sorcery			U	Remove all lands from play and shuffle them together. Randomly deal to each player one land card for each land he or she had before. Each player puts those lands into play under his or her control, untapped.
Ghazban Ogress	unglued	60	G	G	1	Summon - Ogre	2	2	C	When Ghazban Ogress comes into play, the player who has won the most Magic games that day gains control of it. If more than one player has won the same number of games, you retain control of Ghazban Ogress.
Growth Spurt	unglued	61	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Roll a six-sided die. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is equal to the die roll.
Gus	unglued	62	G	2G	3	Summon - Gus	2	2	C	Gus comes into play with one +1/+1 counter on it for each game you have lost to your opponent since you last won a Magic game against him or her.
Hungry Hungry Heifer	unglued	63	G	2G	3	Summon - Cow	3	3	U	During your upkeep, remove a counter from any card you control or sacrifice Hungry Hungry Heifer.
Incoming!	unglued	64	G	4GGGG	8	Sorcery			R	Each player searches his or her library for any number of artifacts, creatures, enchantments, and lands and puts those cards into play. Each player shuffles his or her library afterwards.
Mine, Mine, Mine!	unglued	65	G	4GG	6	Enchantment			R	When Mine, Mine, Mine comes into play, each player puts his or her library into his or her hand. Each player skips his or her discard phase and does not lose as a result of being unable to draw a card. Each player cannot play more than one spell each turn. If Mine, Mine, Mine leaves play, each player shuffles his or her hand and graveyard into his or her library.
Squirrel Farm	unglued	66	G	2G	3	Enchantment			R	o1oG: Choose a card in your hand. Covering the artist's name, reveal the card to target player. If that player cannot name the artist, reveal the artist's name and put a Squirrel token into play. Treat this token as a 1/1 green creature.
Team Spirit	unglued	67	G	2G	3	Instant			C	All creatures controlled by target player and his or her teammates get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Timmy, Power Gamer	unglued	68	G	2GG	4	Summon - Legend	1	1	R	o4: Put a creature into play from your hand.
Ashnod's Coupon	unglued	69	A	0	0	Artifact			R	ocT, Sacrifice Ashnod's Coupon: Target player gets you target drink. Errata: You pay any costs for the drink.
Blacker Lotus	unglued	70	A	0	0	Artifact			R	ocT: Tear Blacker Lotus into pieces. Add four mana of any one color to your mana pool. Play this ability as a mana source. Remove the pieces from the game afterwards.
Bronze Calendar	unglued	71	A	4	4	Artifact			U	Your spells cost o1 less to play as long as you speak in a voice other than your normal voice. If you speak in your normal voice, sacrifice Bronze Calendar.
Chaos Confetti	unglued	72	A	4	4	Artifact			C	o4, ocT: Tear Chaos Confetti into pieces. Throw the pieces onto the playing area from a distance of at least five feet. Destroy each card in play that a piece touches. Remove the pieces from the game afterwards.
Clay Pigeon	unglued	73	A	3	3	Artifact Creature	1	1	U	Flying o1, Throw Clay Pigeon into the air at least two feet above your head while seated, Attempt to catch it with one hand: If you catch Clay Pigeon, prevent all damage to you from any one source and return Clay Pigeon to play, tapped. Otherwise, sacrifice it.
Giant Fan	unglued	74	A	4	4	Artifact			R	o2, ocT: Move target counter from one card to another. If the second card's rules text refers to any type of counters, the moved counter becomes one of those counters. Otherwise, it becomes a +1/+1 counter.
Jack-in-the-Mox	unglued	75	A	0	0	Artifact			R	ocT: Roll a six-sided die for Jack-in-the-Mox. On a 1, sacrifice Jack-in-the-Mox and lose 5 life. Otherwise, Jack-in-the-Mox has one of the following effects. Treat this ability as a mana source. 2 Add oW to your mana pool. 3 Add oU to your mana pool. 4 Add oB to your mana pool. 5 Add oR to your mana pool. 6 Add oG to your mana pool.
Jester's Sombrero	unglued	76	A	2	2	Artifact			R	o2, ocT, Sacrifice Jester's Sombrero: Look through target player's sideboard and remove any three of those cards from it for the remainder of the match.
Mirror Mirror	unglued	77	A	7	7	Artifact			R	Mirror Mirror comes into play tapped. o7, ocT, Sacrifice Mirror Mirror: At end of turn, exchange life totals with target player and exchange all cards in play that you control, and all cards in your hand, library, and graveyard, with that player until end of game.
Paper Tiger	unglued	78	A	4	4	Artifact Creature	4	3	C	Rock Lobsters cannot attack or block.
Rock Lobster	unglued	79	A	4	4	Artifact Creature	4	3	C	Scissors Lizards cannot attack or block.
Scissors Lizard	unglued	80	A	4	4	Artifact Creature	4	3	C	Paper Tigers cannot attack or block.
Spatula of the Ages	unglued	81	A	4	4	Artifact			U	o4, ocT, Sacrifice Spatula of the Ages: Put into play from your hand any card from an Unglued supplement.
Urza's Contact Lenses	unglued	82	A	0	0	Artifact			U	Urza's Contact Lenses comes into play tapped and does not untap during its controller's untap phase. All players play with their hands face up. Clap your hands twice: Tap or untap Urza's Contact Lenses.
Urza's Science Fair Project	unglued	83	A	6	6	Artifact Creature	4	4	U	o2: Roll a six-sided die for Urza's Science Fair Project. 1 It gets -2/-2 until end of turn. 2 It deals no combat damage this turn. 3 Attacking does not cause it to tap this turn. 4 It gains first strike until end of turn. 5 It gains flying until end of turn. 6 It gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Plains	unglued	84	L		0	Basic Land - Plains			L	W
Island	unglued	85	L		0	Basic Land - Island			L	U
Swamp	unglued	86	L		0	Basic Land - Swamp			L	B
Mountain	unglued	87	L		0	Basic Land - Mountain			L	R
Forest	unglued	88	L		0	Basic Land - Forest			L	G
Atinlay Igpay	unhinged	1	W	5W	6	Eaturecray - Igpay	3	3	U	Oubleday ikestray Eneverwhay Atinlay Igpay's ontrollercay eaksspay ay onnay-Igpay-Atinlay ordway, acrificesay Atinlay Igpay.
AWOL	unhinged	2	W	2W	3	Instant			C	Remove target attacking creature from the game. Then remove it from the removed-from-game zone and put it into the absolutely-removed-from-the-freaking-game-forever zone.
Bosom Buddy	unhinged	3	W	3W	4	Creature - Elephant Townsfolk	1	4	U	Whenever you play a spell, you may gain {1/2} life for each word in that spell's name.
Cardpecker	unhinged	4	W	1W	2	Creature - Bird	1{1	2}	C	Flying Gotcha Whenever an opponent touches the table with his or her hand, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Cardpecker from your graveyard to your hand.
Cheap Ass	unhinged	5	W	1W	2	Creature - Donkey Townsfolk	1	3{1	C	Spells you play cost {o{1/2}} less to play.
Circle of Protection: Art	unhinged	6	W	1W	2	Enchantment			C	As Circle of Protection: Art comes into play, choose an artist. {1W}: The next time a source of your choice by the chosen artist would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. {1W}: Return Circle of Protection: Art to its owner's hand.
Collector Protector	unhinged	7	W	3WW	5	Creature - Human Gamer	2	5	R	{W}, Give an opponent a nonland card you own from outside the game: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you or Collector Protector this turn.
Drawn Together	unhinged	8	W	2WW	4	Enchantment			R	As Drawn Together comes into play, choose an artist. Creatures by the chosen artist get +2/+2.
Emcee	unhinged	9	W	2W	3	Creature - Human Rogue	0	1	U	Whenever another creature comes into play, you may stand up and say in a deep, booming voice "Presenting . . . " and that creature's name. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.
Erase (Not the Urza's Legacy One)	unhinged	10	W	2W	3	Instant			C	If you control two or more white permanents that share an artist, you may play Erase (Not the Urza's Legacy One) without paying its mana cost. Remove target enchantment from the game.
Fascist Art Director	unhinged	11	W	1WW	3	Creature - Human Horror	2	2	C	{WW}: Fascist Art Director gains protection from the artist of your choice until end of turn..
First Come, First Served	unhinged	12	W	1W	2	Enchantment			U	The attacking or blocking creature with the lowest collector number has first strike. If two or more creatures are tied, they all have first strike.
Frankie Peanuts	unhinged	13	W	2WW	4	Legendary Creature - Elephant Rogue	2	3	R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may ask target player a yes-or-no question. If you do, that player answers the question truthfully and abides by that answer if able until end of turn.
Head to Head	unhinged	14	W	W	1	Instant			U	You and target opponent play Seven Questions about the top card of that player's library. (That player looks at the card, then you ask up to six yes-or-no questions about the card that he or she answers truthfully. You guess the card's name-that's question seven-and the player reveals the card.) If you win, prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn by a source of your choice.
Ladies' Knight	unhinged	15	W	3W	4	Creature - Human Knight	2	2	U	Flying Spells that players wearing at least one item of women's clothing play cost {1} less to play. (Women's clothing is designed to be worn exclusively by women.)
Little Girl	unhinged	16	W	W	0.5	Creature - Human Child	{1	2}	C	
Look at Me, I'm R&D	unhinged	17	W	2W	3	Enchantment			R	As Look at Me, I'm R&D comes into play, choose a number and a second number one higher or one lower than that number. All instances of the first chosen number on permanents, spells, and cards in any zone are the second chosen number.
Man of Measure	unhinged	18	W	1WW	3	Creature - Human Knight	2	2	C	As long as you're shorter than an opponent, Man of Measure has first strike and gets +0/+1. As long as you're taller than an opponent, Man of Measure gets +1/+0.
Save Life	unhinged	19	W	W	1	Instant			U	Choose one Target player gains 2{1/2} life; or prevent the next 2{1/2} damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. Gotcha Whenever an opponent says "Save" or "Life," you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Save Life from your graveyard to your hand.
Standing Army	unhinged	20	W	2WW	4	Creature - Human Soldier	2	4	C	As long as you're standing, Standing Army has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)
Staying Power	unhinged	21	W	2W	3	Enchantment			R	As long as Staying Power is in play, "until end of turn" and "this turn" effects don't end.
Wordmail	unhinged	22	W	W	1	Enchant Creature			C	Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each word in its name.
_____	unhinged	23	U	1U	2	Creature - Shapeshifter	1	1	U	{1}: This card's name becomes the name of your choice. Play this ability anywhere, anytime.
Ambiguity	unhinged	24	U	2UU	4	Enchantment			R	Whenever a player plays a spell that counters a spell that has been played or a player plays a spell that comes into play with counters, that player may counter the next spell played or put an additional counter on a permanent that has already been played, but not countered.
Artful Looter	unhinged	25	U	2U	3	Creature - Human Wizard	1	2	C	{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card. Whenever a permanent comes into play that shares an artist with another permanent you control, untap Artful Looter.
Avatar of Me	unhinged	26	U	2UU	4	Creature - Avatar	*	*	R	Avatar of Me costs {1} more to play for each ten years you've been alive. Avatar of Me's power is equal to your height in feet and its toughness is equal to your American shoe size. Round to the nearest {1/2}. Avatar of Me's color is the color of your eyes.
Brushstroke Paintermage	unhinged	27	U	3U	4	Creature - Human Wizard	2	3	C	{T}: Target permanent's artist becomes the artist of your choice until end of turn.
Bursting Beebles	unhinged	28	U	2U	3	Creature - Beeble	2	2	C	Bursting Beebles is unblockable as long as defending player controls two or more nonland permanents that share an artist.
Carnivorous Death-Parrot	unhinged	29	U	1U	2	Creature - Bird	2	2	C	Flying At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Carnivorous Death-Parrot unless you say its flavor text.
Cheatyface	unhinged	30	U	UUU	3	Creature - Efreet	2	2	U	You may sneak Cheatyface into play at any time without paying for it, but if an opponent catches you right away, that player may remove Cheatyface from the game. Flying
Double Header	unhinged	31	U	3UU	5	Creature - Drake	2	3	C	Flying When Double Header comes into play, you may return target permanent with a two-word name to its owner's hand.
Flaccify	unhinged	32	U	2U	3	Instant			C	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {o3o{1/2}}.
Framed	unhinged	33	U	1U	2	Instant			C	Tap or untap all permanents by the artist of your choice.
Greater Morphling	unhinged	34	U	6UU	8	Creature - Shapeshifter	5	5	R	{2}: Greater Morphling gains your choice of banding, bushido 1, double strike, fear, flying, first strike, haste, landwalk of your choice, protection from a color of your choice, provoke, rampage 1, shadow, or trample until end of turn. {2}: Greater Morphling becomes the colors of your choice until end of turn. {2}: Greater Morphling's type becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn. {2}: Greater Morphling's expansion symbol becomes the symbol of your choice until end of turn. {2}: Greater Morphling's artist becomes the artist of your choice until end of turn. {2}: Greater Morphling gets +2/-2 or -2/+2 until end of turn. {2}: Untap Greater Morphling.
Johnny, Combo Player	unhinged	35	U	2UU	4	Legendary Creature - Human Gamer	1	1	R	{4}: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Loose Lips	unhinged	36	U	U	1	Enchant Creature			C	As Loose Lips comes into play, choose a sentence with eight or fewer words. Enchanted creature has flying. Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you draw two cards unless that player says the chosen sentence.
Magical Hacker	unhinged	37	U	1U	2	Creature - Human Gamer	1	2	U	{U}: Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of + with -, and vice versa, until end of turn.
Mise	unhinged	38	U	U	1	Instant			U	Name a nonland card, then reveal the top card of your library. If that card is the named card, draw three cards.
Moniker Mage	unhinged	39	U	2U	3	Creature - Human Wizard	2	2	C	{U}, Say your middle name: Moniker Mage can't be the target of spells or abilities this turn. {U}, Say an opponent's middle name: Moniker Mage gains flying until end of turn.
Mouth to Mouth	unhinged	40	U	3U	4	Sorcery			U	You and target opponent have a breath-holding contest. If you win, you gain control of target creature that player controls.
Now I Know My ABC's	unhinged	41	U	1UU	3	Enchantment			R	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control permanents with names that include all twenty-six letters of the English alphabet, you win the game.
Number Crunch	unhinged	42	U	2U	3	Instant			C	Return target permanent to its owner's hand. Gotcha Whenever an opponent says a number, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Number Crunch from your graveyard to your hand.
Question Elemental?	unhinged	43	U	2UU	4	Creature - Elemental	3	4	U	Flying Are you aware that when you say something that isn't a question, the player who first points out this fact gains control of Question Elemental?
Richard Garfield, Ph.D.	unhinged	44	U	3UU	5	Legendary Creature - Human Designer	2	2	R	You may play cards as though they were other Magic cards of your choice with the same mana cost. (Mana cost includes color.) You can't choose the same card twice.
Smart Ass	unhinged	45	U	2U	3	Creature - Donkey Wizard	2{1	2}	C	Whenever Smart Ass attacks, name a card. Defending player may reveal his or her hand and show you that the named card isn't there. If that player doesn't, Smart Ass is unblockable this turn.
Spell Counter	unhinged	46	U	2UU	4	Instant			U	Counter target spell. Gotcha Whenever an opponent says "Spell" or "Counter," you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Spell Counter from your graveyard to your hand.
Topsy Turvy	unhinged	47	U	2U	3	Enchantment			R	The phases of each player's turn are reversed. (The phases are, in reverse order, end, postcombat main, combat, precombat main, and beginning.) If there are more than two players in the game, the turn order is reversed.
Aesthetic Consultation	unhinged	48	B	B	1	Instant			R	Name an artist. Remove the top six cards of your library from the game, then reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card by the named artist. Put that card in your hand, then remove all the other cards revealed this way from the game.
Bad Ass	unhinged	49	B	2BB	4	Creature - Donkey Zombie	3{1	2}	C	{1B}, Growl: Regenerate Bad Ass.
Bloodletter	unhinged	50	B	2B	3	Creature - Zombie	2	3	C	When the names of three or more nonland permanents begin with the same letter, sacrifice Bloodletter. If you do, it deals 2 damage to each creature and each player.
Booster Tutor	unhinged	51	B	B	1	Instant			U	Open a sealed Magic booster pack, reveal the cards, and put one of those cards into your hand. (Remove that card from your deck before beginning a new game.)
Duh	unhinged	52	B	B	1	Instant			C	Destroy target creature with reminder text. (Reminder text is any italicized text in parentheses that explains rules you already know.)
Enter the Dungeon	unhinged	53	B	BB	2	Sorcery			R	Players play a Magic subgame under the table starting at 5 life, using their libraries as their decks. After the subgame ends, the winner searches his or her library for two cards, puts those cards into his or her hand, then shuffles his or her library.
Eye to Eye	unhinged	54	B	2B	3	Instant			U	You and target creature's controller have a staring contest. If you win, destroy that creature.
Farewell to Arms	unhinged	55	B	1BB	3	Enchantment			C	As Farewell to Arms comes into play, choose a hand attached to an opponent's arm. When the chosen hand isn't behind its owner's back, sacrifice Farewell to Arms. If you do, that player discards his or her hand . . . of cards. (The lawyers wouldn't let us do it the other way.)
Infernal Spawn of Infernal Spawn of Evil	unhinged	56	B	8BB	10	Creature - Demon Child	8	8	R	Flying, first strike, trample If you say "I'm coming, too" as you search your library, you may pay {1B} and reveal Infernal Spawn of Infernal Spawn of Evil from your library to have it deal 2 damage to a player of your choice. Do this no more than once each turn.
Kill Destroy	unhinged	57	B	1BB	3	Instant			U	Destroy target nonblack creature. Gotcha Whenever an opponent says "Kill" or "Destroy," you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Kill Destroy from your graveyard to your hand.
Mother of Goons	unhinged	58	B	2B	3	Creature - Human Cleric	3	2	C	Whenever a creature an opponent controls is put into a graveyard from play, sacrifice Mother of Goons unless you insult that creature.
Necro-Impotence	unhinged	59	B	BBB	3	Enchantment			R	Skip your untap step. At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay X life. If you do, untap X permanents. Pay {1/2} life: Remove the top card of your library from the game face down. Put that card into your hand at end of turn.
Persecute Artist	unhinged	60	B	1BB	3	Sorcery			U	Choose an artist other than Rebecca Guay. Target player reveals his or her hand and discards all nonland cards by the chosen artist.
Phyrexian Librarian	unhinged	61	B	3B	4	Creature - Horror	3	3	U	Flying, trample At the beginning of your upkeep, remove the top card of your library from the game face up and balance it on your body. When a balanced card falls or touches another balanced card, sacrifice Phyrexian Librarian.
Stop That	unhinged	62	B	B	1	Instant			C	Target player discards a card. Gotcha Whenever an opponent audibly flicks the cards in his or her hand, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Stop That from your graveyard to your hand.
Tainted Monkey	unhinged	63	B	1B	2	Creature - Ape	1	1	C	{T}: Choose a word. Target player puts the top card of his or her library into his or her graveyard. If that card has the chosen word in its text box, that player loses 3 life.
The Fallen Apart	unhinged	64	B	2BB	4	Creature - Zombie	4	4	C	The Fallen Apart comes into play with two arms and two legs. Whenever damage is dealt to The Fallen Apart, remove an arm or a leg from it. The Fallen Apart can't attack if it has no legs and can't block if it has no arms.
Vile Bile	unhinged	65	B	1B	2	Creature - Ooze	2{1	2}	C	Whenever a player's skin or fingernail touches Vile Bile, that player loses 2 life.
Wet Willie of the Damned	unhinged	66	B	2BB	4	Sorcery			C	Wet Willie of the Damned deals 2{1/2} damage to target creature or player and you gain 2{1/2} life.
When Fluffy Bunnies Attack	unhinged	67	B	3B	4	Instant			C	Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of times the letter of your choice appears in that creature's name.
Working Stiff	unhinged	68	B	1B	2	Creature - Mummy	2	2	U	As Working Stiff comes into play, straighten your arms. When you bend an elbow, sacrifice Working Stiff.
Zombie Fanboy	unhinged	69	B	2B	3	Creature - Zombie Gamer	1	1	U	As Zombie Fanboy comes into play, choose an artist. Whenever a permanent by the chosen artist is put into a graveyard, put two +1/+1 counters on Zombie Fanboy.
Zzzyxas's Abyss	unhinged	70	B	1BB	3	Enchantment			R	At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy all nonland permanents with the first name alphabetically among nonland permanents in play.
Assquatch	unhinged	71	R	4R	5	Creature - Donkey Lord	3{1	2}	R	Each other Donkey gets +1{1/2}/+1{1/2}. Whenever another Donkey comes into play, untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn.
Blast from the Past	unhinged	72	R	2R	3	Instant			R	Madness {R}, cycling {1R}, kicker {2R}, flashback {3R}, buyback {4R} Blast from the Past deals 2 damage to target creature or player. If the kicker cost was paid, put a 1/1 red Goblin creature token into play.
Curse of the Fire Penguin	unhinged	73	R	4RR	6	Enchant Creature			R	Curse of the Fire Penquin consumes and confuses enchanted creature. ----- Creature Penguin Trample When this creature is put into a graveyard from play, return Curse of the Fire Penguin from your graveyard to play. 6/5
Deal Damage	unhinged	74	R	2RR	4	Instant			U	Deal Damage deals 4 damage to target creature or player. Gotcha Whenever an opponent says "Deal" or "Damage," you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Deal Damage from your graveyard to your hand.
Dumb Ass	unhinged	75	R	2R	3	Creature - Donkey Barbarian	3{1	2}	C	At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, target opponent chooses whether Dumb Ass attacks this turn.
Face to Face	unhinged	76	R	1R	2	Sorcery			U	You and target opponent play a best two-out-of-three Rock, Paper, Scissors match. If you win, Face to Face deals 5 damage to that opponent.
Frazzled Editor	unhinged	77	R	1R	2	Creature - Human Bureaucrat	2	2	C	Protection from wordy (Something is wordy if it has four or more lines of text in its text box.)
Goblin Mime	unhinged	78	R	1R	2	Creature - Goblin Mime	2	2	C	When you speak, sacrifice Goblin Mime.
Goblin Secret Agent	unhinged	79	R	2R	3	Creature - Goblin Rogue	2	2	C	First strike At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal a card from your hand at random.
Goblin S.W.A.T. Team	unhinged	80	R	3R	4	Creature - Goblin Warrior	2	2	C	Say "Goblin S.W.A.T. Team": Put a +1/+1 counter on Goblin S.W.A.T. Team unless an opponent swats the table within five seconds. Play this ability only once each turn.
Mana Flair	unhinged	81	R	1R	2	Instant			C	Add {R} to your mana pool for each nonland permanent by the artist of your choice.
Mons's Goblin Waiters	unhinged	82	R	R	1	Creature - Goblin Waiter	1	1	C	Sacrifice a creature or land: Add {o{1/2*R}} to your mana pool.
Orcish Paratroopers	unhinged	83	R	2R	3	Creature - Orc Paratrooper	4	4	C	When Orcish Paratroopers comes into play, flip it from a height of at least one foot. Sacrifice Orcish Paratroopers unless it lands face up after turning over completely.
Punctuate	unhinged	84	R	3R	4	Instant			C	Punctuate deals damage to target creature equal to half the number of punctuation marks in that creature's text box. (The punctuation marks are ? , ; : - ( ) / " ' & .)
Pygmy Giant	unhinged	85	R	1RR	3	Creature - Giant	0	2	U	{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Pygmy Giant deals X damage to target creature, where X is a number in the sacrificed creature's text box.
Red-Hot Hottie	unhinged	86	R	2RR	4	Creature - Elemental	2	5	C	Whenever Red-Hot Hottie deals damage to a creature, put a third-degree-burn counter on that creature. It has "At the end of each turn, sacrifice this creature unless you scream ‘Aaah' at the top of your lungs."
Rocket-Powered Turbo Slug	unhinged	87	R	3R	4	Creature - Slug	3	1	U	Super haste (This may attack the turn before you play it. (You may put this card into play from your hand, tapped and attacking, during your declare attackers step. If you do, you lose the game at the end of your next turn unless you pay this card's mana cost during that turn.))
Saute	unhinged	88	R	1RR	3	Instant			C	Saute deals 3{1/2} damage to target creature or player.
Six-y Beast	unhinged	89	R	3R	4	Creature - Beast	0	0	U	As Six-y Beast comes into play, you secretly put six or fewer +1/+1 counters on it, then an opponent guesses the number of counters. If that player guesses right, sacrifice Six-y Beast.
Touch and Go	unhinged	90	R	3R	4	Sorcery			C	Destroy target land. Gotcha Whenever an opponent touches his or her face, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Touch and Go from your graveyard to your hand.
Yet Another Aether Vortex	unhinged	91	R	3RR	5	Enchantment			R	All creatures have haste. Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed. Noninstant, nonsorcery cards on top of a library are in play under their owner's control in addition to being in that library.
B-I-N-G-O	unhinged	92	G	1G	2	Creature - Hound	1	1	R	Trample Whenever a player plays a spell, put a chip counter on its converted mana cost. B-I-N-G-O gets +9/+9 for each set of three numbers in a row with chip counters on them.
Creature Guy	unhinged	93	G	3G	4	Creature - Beast	3	3	U	Gotcha Whenever an opponent says "Creature" or "Guy," you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Creature Guy from your graveyard to your hand.
Elvish House Party	unhinged	94	G	4GG	6	Creature - Elf Rogue	*	*	U	Elvish House Party's power and toughness are each equal to the current hour, using the twelve-hour system.
Fat Ass	unhinged	95	G	4G	5	Creature - Donkey Shaman	2	3{1	C	Fat Ass gets +2/+2 and has trample as long as you're eating. (Food is in your mouth and you're chewing, licking, sucking, or swallowing it.)
Form of the Squirrel	unhinged	96	G	G	1	Enchantment			R	As Form of the Squirrel comes into play, put a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token into play. You lose the game when it leaves play. Creatures can't attack you. You can't be the target of spells or abilities. You can't play spells.
Fraction Jackson	unhinged	97	G	2G	3	Creature - Human Hero	1	1{1	R	{G}, {T}: Return target card with a {1/2} on it from your graveyard to your hand.
Gluetius Maximus	unhinged	98	G	3GG	5	Creature - Beast	5	5	U	As Gluetius Maximus comes into play, an opponent chooses one of your fingers. (Thumbs are fingers, too.) When the chosen finger isn't touching Gluetius Maximus, sacrifice Gluetius Maximus.
Granny's Payback	unhinged	99	G	7G	8	Sorcery			U	You gain life equal to your age.
Graphic Violence	unhinged	100	G	2G	3	Instant			C	All creatures by the artist of your choice get +2/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.
Keeper of the Sacred Word	unhinged	101	G	2G	3	Creature - Human Druid	2	3	C	As Keeper of the Sacred Word comes into play, choose a word. Whenever an opponent says the chosen word, Keeper of the Sacred Word gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Land Aid '04	unhinged	102	G	GG	2	Sorcery			C	Search your library for a basic land card, put that card into play tapped, then shuffle your library. If you sang a song the whole time you were searching and shuffling, you may untap that land.
Laughing Hyena	unhinged	103	G	1G	2	Creature - Hyena	2	2	C	Gotcha Whenever an opponent laughs, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return Laughing Hyena from your graveyard to your hand.
Monkey Monkey Monkey	unhinged	104	G	3G	4	Creature - Ape	1	1	C	As Monkey Monkey Monkey comes into play, choose a letter. Monkey Monkey Monkey gets +1/+1 for each nonland permanent whose name begins with the chosen letter.
Name Dropping	unhinged	105	G	1G	2	Enchantment			U	Gotcha Whenever an opponent says a word that's in the name of a card in your graveyard, you may say "Gotcha" If you do, return that card to your hand.
Old Fogey	unhinged	106	G	GG	2	Summon - Dinosaur	7	7	R	Phasing, cumulative upkeep {1}, echo, fading 3, bands with other Dinosaurs, protection from Homarids, snow-covered plainswalk, flanking, rampage 2
Our Market Research Shows That Players Like Really Long Card Names So We Made this Card to Have the Absolute Longest Card Name Ever Elemental	unhinged	107	G	1GG	3	Creature - Elemental	2	2	C	Art rampage 2 (Whenever this becomes blocked by a creature, it gets +2/+2 for each creature in the blocker's art beyond the first.)
Remodel	unhinged	108	G	2G	3	Instant			C	If you control two or more green permanents that share an artist, you may play Remodel without paying its mana cost. Remove target artifact from the game.
Shoe Tree	unhinged	109	G	4G	5	Creature - Treefolk	3	3	C	Shoe Tree comes into play with up to two shoe counters on it. Use your shoes as counters. Shoe Tree gets +1/+1 for each shoe counter on it.
Side to Side	unhinged	110	G	2G	3	Instant			U	You and target opponent arm-wrestle. If you win, put a 3/3 green Ape creature token into play.
S.N.O.T.	unhinged	111	G	G	1	Creature - Ooze	*{^2}	*{^2}	C	As S.N.O.T. comes into play, you may stick it onto another creature named S.N.O.T. in play. If you do, all those creatures form a single creature. S.N.O.T.'s power and toughness are equal to the square of the number of S.N.O.T.s stuck together. (One is a 1/1, two are a 4/4, three are a 9/9, and four are a 16/16.)
Stone-Cold Basilisk	unhinged	112	G	4G	5	Creature - Basilisk	2{1	2}	U	Whenever Stone-Cold Basilisk blocks or becomes blocked by a creature with fewer letters in its name, destroy that creature at end of combat. (Punctuation and spaces aren't letters.) Whenever an opponent reads Stone-Cold Basilisk, that player is turned to stone until end of turn. Stoned players can't attack, block, or play spells or abilities.
Supersize	unhinged	113	G	1G	2	Instant			C	Target creature gets +3{1/2}/+3{1/2} until end of turn.
Symbol Status	unhinged	114	G	2GG	4	Sorcery			U	Put a 1/1 colorless Expansion-Symbol creature token into play for each different expansion symbol among permanents you control.
Uktabi Kong	unhinged	115	G	5GGG	8	Creature - Ape	8	8	R	Trample When Uktabi Kong comes into play, destroy all artifacts. Tap two untapped Apes you control: Put a 1/1 green Ape creature token into play.
Ach! Hans, Run!	unhinged	116	RG	2RRGG	6	Enchantment			R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may say "Ach Hans, run It's the . . ." and name a creature card. If you do, search your library for the named card, put it into play, then shuffle your library. That creature has haste. Remove it from the game at end of turn.
Ass Whuppin'	unhinged	117	WB	1WB	3	Sorcery			R	Destroy target silver-bordered permanent in any game you can see from your seat.
Meddling Kids	unhinged	118	WU	2WU	4	Creature - Human Child	2	3	R	As Meddling Kids comes into play, choose a word with four or more letters. Nonland cards with the chosen word in their text box can't be played.
Rare-B-Gone	unhinged	119	BR	2BR	4	Sorcery			R	Each player sacrifices all rare permanents, then reveals his or her hand and discards all rare cards.
Who/What/When/Where/Why	unhinged	120	WUBRG	XW/2R/2U/3B/1G	0	Instant			R	Who oXoW Instant Target player gains X life. ----- What o2oR Instant Destroy target artifact. ----- When o2oU Instant Counter target creature spell. ----- Where o3oB Instant Destroy target land. ----- Why o1oG Instant Destroy target enchantment.
Gleemax	unhinged	121	A	1000000	1	Legendary Artifact			R	You choose all targets for all spells and abilities.
Letter Bomb	unhinged	122	A	6	6	Artifact			R	When Letter Bomb comes into play, sign it and shuffle it into target player's library. That player reveals each card he or she draws until Letter Bomb is drawn. When that player draws Letter Bomb, it deals 19{1/2} damage to him or her.
Mana Screw	unhinged	123	A	1	1	Artifact			U	{1}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, add {2} to your mana pool. Play this ability only any time you could play an instant.
Mox Lotus	unhinged	124	A	15	6	Artifact			R	{T}: Add {∞} to your mana pool. {100}: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool. You don't lose life due to mana burn.
My First Tome	unhinged	125	A	3	3	Artifact			U	{1}, {T}: Say the flavor text on a card in your hand. Target opponent guesses that card's name. You may reveal that card. If you do and your opponent guessed wrong, draw a card.
Pointy Finger of Doom	unhinged	126	A	4	4	Artifact			R	{3}, {T}: Spin Pointy Finger of Doom in the middle of the table so that it rotates completely at least once, then destroy the closest permanent the finger points to.
Rod of Spanking	unhinged	127	A	1	1	Artifact			U	{2}, {T}: Rod of Spanking deals 1 damage to target player. Then untap Rod of Spanking unless that player says "Thank you, sir. May I have another?"
Time Machine	unhinged	128	A	5	5	Artifact			R	{T}: Remove Time Machine and target nontoken creature you own from the game. Return both cards to play at the beginning of your upkeep on your turn X of the next game you play with the same opponent, where X is the removed creature's converted mana cost.
Togglodyte	unhinged	129	A	3	3	Artifact Creature - Golem	4	4	U	Togglodyte comes into play turned on. Whenever a player plays a spell, toggle Togglodyte's ON/OFF switch. As long as Togglodyte is turned off, it can't attack or block, and all damage it would deal is prevented.
Toy Boat	unhinged	130	A	3	3	Artifact Creature - Ship	3	3	U	Cumulative upkeep-Say "Toy Boat" quickly. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on Toy Boat, then sacrifice it unless you say "Toy Boat" once for each age counter on it-without pausing between or fumbling it.)
Urza's Hot Tub	unhinged	131	A	2	2	Artifact			U	{2}, Discard a card: Search your library for a card that shares a complete word in its name with the discarded card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Water Gun Balloon Game	unhinged	132	A	2	2	Artifact			R	As Water Gun Balloon Game comes into play, each player puts a pop counter on a 0. Whenever a player plays a spell, move that player's pop counter up 1. Whenever a player's pop counter hits 5, that player puts a 5/5 pink Giant Teddy Bear creature token into play and resets all pop counters to 0.
World-Bottling Kit	unhinged	133	A	5	5	Artifact			R	{5}, Sacrifice World-Bottling Kit: Choose a Magic set. Remove from the game all permanents with that set's expansion symbol except for basic lands.
City of Ass	unhinged	134	L		0	Land			R	City of Ass comes into play tapped. {T}: Add one and one-half mana of any one color to your mana pool.
R&D's Secret Lair	unhinged	135	L		0	Legendary Land			R	Play cards as written. Ignore all errata. {T}: Add {1} to your mana pool.
Plains	unhinged	136	L		0	Basic Land - Plains			L	W
Island	unhinged	137	L		0	Basic Land - Island			L	U
Swamp	unhinged	138	L		0	Basic Land - Swamp			L	B
Mountain	unhinged	139	L		0	Basic Land - Mountain			L	R
Forest	unhinged	140	L		0	Basic Land - Forest			L	G
Super Secret Tech	unhinged	141	A	3	3	Artifact			M	All premium spells cost {1} less to play. All premium creatures get +1/+1.